Ramprasad's (Naseeruddin Shah) (Bauji) entire family gathers at their ancestral home in Lucknow for 13 days after his death, to perform and observe the Hindu traditions and death rituals called the Tehrvi (13th Day after death). During the course, the family's dynamics, politics, and insecurities come out, and then they realize that the importance of people and things are only evident in retrospect.Amma (Supriya Pathak) (Ramprasad's wife).
Nishant aka Neetu (Parambrata Chattopadhyay) (Ramprasad's youngest son). Seema (Konkona Sen Sharma) (Nishant's wife).
Tauji (Rajendra Gupta) (Ramprasad's elder brother). Vinod (Mahesh Sharma) (Tauji's driver).
BuaJi (Pushpa Joshi) (Ramprasad's elder sister)
Gajraj (Manoj Pahwa) (Ramprasad's eldest son). Sushma (Deepika Amin) (Gajraj's wife). Rahul (Vikrant Massey) (Gajraj's son).
Manoj (Ninad Kamat) (Ramprasad's second son). Sulekha (Divya Jagdale)(Manoj's wife). Samay (Sawan Tank) (Manoj's son).
Pankaj (Vinay Pathak) (Ramprasad's third son). Pratibha (Sadiya Siddiqui) (Pankaj's wife)
Mamaji (Vineet Kumar) (Amma's brother). Mamiji (Yamini Das)
Rani (Anubha Fatehpura) (Ramprasad's elder daughter). Prakash (Brijendra Kala) (Rani's husband)
Dhaani (Sarika Singh) (Ramprasad's younger daughter). Basant (Shrikant Verma) (Dhaani's husband)
Sheila (Alka Kaushal) (neighbour). Bitto (Manukriti Pahwa) (Sheila's daughter)Mamaji was the first to arrive after Ramprasad passed away .. and took every opportunity to remind the sons of that. Prakash is upset that he is not getting enough attention. Prakash starts negotiating for better rates on funeral wood at the crematorium and others have to pull him back. Nishant was Ram's favorite son. Nishant's wife Seema didn't arrive in time for the funeral and already tongues are wagging that she was never close to the family.Ram's son seldom visited him and Amma complains to them about it. Ram used to get gifts for all his daughter-in-laws. Gajraj is a alcoholic. Sushma feels that she has to take control of all the house work and all the other ladies are free loading on top of her.
Amma decides that she wants a full 13 day ritual. Rahul and Samay are sent to Sheila's house to arrange for mattresses. Rahul starts hitting on Sheila's daughter Bitto.
The 4 brothers take Tauji's vintage car for Asthi Visarjan. The car breaks down on the way back. They spend the night at a motel. Gajraj tells the other brothers that Ram was selfish and Amma was cunning. Nishant disagrees. The other 3 complain that their parents never steppe out of their house to visit them.Back at home, the 13th day falls on 1st Jan. Gajraj feels that no one will come to the function on 1st Jan and suggests it should be 2nd. Manoj suggests to keep it on 31st Dec. Mamaji is a stickler for rituals and calls BS. Seema arrives (She moved to Mumbai with Nishant to become an actress, but didn't succeed. Her brother is a known actor).
Amma is distraught at the disrespect to Ram, when she sees Gajraj drinking with his brothers at night on the rooftop, and grand-kids having fun and watching cartoons at Sheila's house.
Dhaani raises the point with the daughter-in-laws to decide whom will keep Amma with them. Seema is already angry that no-one thanked her when she helped with money while Ram was sick. She thinks the family doesn't accept her but wants her money. Pankaj had borrowed rs 50K from Nishant/Seema and Gajraj had borrowed Rs 25K (but had later returned it). Rani is against Amma as she feels Amma never respected Ram and Dhaani was always her favorite.It emerges that Ram had takes a loan of Rs 10 lakhs (mortgage against the shop), out of which Rs 8 lakhs is pending. Amma brings out Ram's dairy and it emerges that all the money was spent giving loans to Ram's sons and daughters.
Sushma complains to Nishant about Seema's behavior and he scolds her publicly. Seema is distraught, but cant leave (Flights are booked because of NY) and decides to shift into a hotel. Seema gets drunk and hits on Rahul when she is alone in her room. When Seema falls asleep, Rahul kisses her, and Samay sees this. Next day Seema sees Rahul consorting with Bitto and slaps him.Nishant offers to take Amma with him, but Amma is apprehensive as she knows Seema will not welcome her. Amma is upset that its not even 13 days yet and the brothers are squabbling and none of them have any respect for the occasion of grief.
The 13th day arrives. The rituals are completed and the brothers find that the ritual has to be repeated after a year. Amma orders that the ritual be completed today itself as it is not clear if everyone would come one yr down the line.
Mamaji is the first to leave. Bitto is in love with Rahul, but he pushes her away, saying that she is just "friends with benefits".
Nisanth and Seema leave. Seema hugs Amma before leaving, and shows genuine concerns for her. Nishant had already agreed to pay the loan.But later, Manoj suggests that to save the shop, they sell part of the house. Amma sends them away. Amma converts the house into a musical school after getting the piano fixed.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Ramprasad's entire family gathers at their ancestral home in Lucknow  for 13 days after his  death, to perform Pind Daan an after-life ritual that is performed after someone's demise and observe the Hindu traditions and death rituals called the tehrvi. During the course, the family’s dynamics, politics, and insecurities come out, and then they realise that the importance of people and things are only evident in retrospect.