In the Dasht-E-Margoh desert in remote Afghanistan, inside a Taliban camp, an ISI official, Col. Huzefa (Shahbaz Khan), is interrogating a captured man (Saif Ali Khan) suspected to be a Research and Analysis Wing agent. The man offers up details about RAW's operations in Afghanistan in exchange for money and safe passage across the border. He betrays his colleague, Major Rajan (Ravi Kissen), who has also infiltrated the camp. This is only a ruse, as both overpower their captors and fight their way out of the camp. Along the way, they rescue a girl called Farah (Maryam Zakaria). The man is actually a RAW agent and his Nom-De-Guerre is Agent Vinod.An arms dealer dies in Russia & a suitcase nuclear device in his possession goes on sale. Every terrorist group in the world wants their hands on this device. In New Delhi, Agent Vinod enters RAW headquarters to meet his boss Hassan Nawaz (B. P. Singh). Nawaz shows him Major Rajan's final message from Russia. Rajan was in Russia as the bodyguard of Abu Nazer. Rajan overheard a meeting between Nazer & a Colonel of unknown identity. The general asked Nazer to transfer $50 MM to Morocco & to procure '242'. Just as he completes his message, Rajan is killed by a man who has a scorpion tattoo on his forearm. Nawaz asks Vinod to find out what '242' is. Vinod travels to Moscow, and enters a nightclub owned by Abu Nazer (Ram Kapoor). He manages to capture and interrogate Nazer, who tells him a man called Freddie Khambatta is to smuggle the $50 MM to Morocco. Vinod is almost captured by Nazer's men, but manages to escape, killing Nazer in the process.Vinod boards a flight to Marakkesh, Morrocco. Freddie Khambatta turns out to be the flight steward. Vinod picks him up from the airport, only to assume his place. As Freddie, Vinod meets local mafia boss David Kazan (Prem Chopra), who is accompanied by his personal (Pakistani) doctor, Ruby Mendes (Kareena Kapoor). Kazan suspects Vinod, and gets Ruby to administer him a truth serum. Vinod blurts out that he is a RAW agent and killed Abu Nazer. Kazan confronts Vinod when he regains consciousness, but Vinod manages to convince him he is Freddie Khambatta, and explains he had to kill Abu Nazer to protect the mission. He manages to hack Kazan's phone and finds out that a MI6 agent is reaching Morocco the following day.In the meantime, Vinod gets closer to Ruby, and tries to find out what '242' is. Ruby is actually Iram, a British-Pakistani who is working undercover for the ISI. Vinod goes to meet the MI6 agent and finds him murdered in his room with strong pointers that the murder was committed by Ruby. He gets an invitation card from the murdered agent's room for a private auction. He learns that many international terrorist groups are converging at an antiques auction in Marakkesh to purchase '242'. Vinod brings Ruby to the auction, where Kazan is also present along with Jagadishwar Metla (Dhritiman Chatterji). Vinod spots an LTTE agent he had encountered previously, and from him, learns that '242' is actually the detonator for the nuclear device, disguised as an antique volume of Omar Khayyam's 'Rubaiyyat'. A bidding war ensues, and Kazan manages to secure the detonator.Kazan and Colonel (the mysterious guy from earlier in the movie) confront Vinod & decapitate him, and escape with the detonator.
In Chaman, Baluchistan, the head of the ISI is murdered by Col. Huzefa, who is actually part of a group of rogue ISI colonels planning an attack on India. In Morocco, Kazan locks the detonator with a password, and hands it over to Colonel (Adil Hussain), who has arrived in Morocco.
Iram runs into the real Freddie Khambatta, and finds out Vinod is a RAW agent. Iram says that she is a British agent. She was implicated in the London bomb blasts when her Muslim friends kept bombs in her car, without her knowledge. she was in jail, when Iftikar approached her, convinced of her innocence, asked her to shadow Kazan. Since Iftikar is dead, Vinod cant prove the truth of her statements. Managing to escape from men trying to kill them, both agree to work together to prevent the nuclear device from falling into the wrong hands. Iram/Ruby decides to enter Kazan's estate to retrieve the detonator.Ruby returns to Kazan's estate only to find it ransacked and Kazan shot dead by 'Colonel'. 'Colonel' captures Ruby and asks her to reveal the whereabouts of Agent Vinod. He plants a sniper next to the hotel where Agent Vinod is to rendezvous with Ruby. The sniper takes a shot at him but Vinod manages to escape and is admitted to a hospital. The assassin reaches the hospital in the guise of a doctor and tries to administer a venom injection to Vinod. Vinod spots the scorpion tattoo on the doctor's forearm and overpowers him, killing him. He then clears his way out of the hospital to find Iram.'Colonel' who is now in possession of the detonator, has reached Latvia to acquire the bomb. He enlists Iram to seduce an airport security employee to get his ID card. Iram succeeds in doing so, and 'Colonel' provides the ID card to his man, who is to transport the bomb out of Latvia. Colonel also sets up a rigged bomb so that both the airport employee and Iram die in the blast. Security employee forces Iram to make love with him but escapes by throwing her skirt at him. Vinod arrives and as he interrogates Iram (Vinod thinks Iram set up the hit on Vinod at the hotel), the blast occurs, giving Iram the realization that she was being set up by the Colonel.Vinod and Iram join hands and try to capture the Colonel and the bomb. Iram tells Vinod that the Colonel has called for a meeting at Karachi with fugitive don Pasha who can also be in the plot. The Colonel gets the Rubaiyat from Vinod, by forcing his RAW colleague to betray Vinod (by kidnapping the colleagues wife and kids) and tells his men to kill Vinod and Iram. However, Vinod manages to kill them all. Iram and Vinod reach Karachi, where they meet Farah, who is a dancer. With her help, they enter the wedding attended by an Indian mafia don (Gulshan Grover). There, they learn that Col. Huzefa and the don have agreed to smuggle the nuclear device from Karachi into India via the sea route. However, they are captured by Col. Huzefa, from whom they learn the target of the bomb is New Delhi. They manage to escape, and make it to New Delhi, where they try to find the location of the bomb. They find that the Colonel is staying with an ISI/Lashkar agent, who is an old professor. Iram finds the professor's map, which is of the bus route that one of Colonel's henchman, Jimmy is taking with the armed bomb.Iram hurries to the exhibition where Colonel is hiding as a pilot of Indian media magnate Mr Metla. Iram runs into 'Colonel', and is shot, but points him out to Indian security forces, who kill him. Eventually, Vinod tracks down the bomb and takes the bomb up in a helicopter to detonate it as far away from the city as possible. Iram realizes that David Kazan had set the password to the detonator and asks Vinod to try the name of Kazan's camel. The bomb is defused but Iram dies of gunshot wounds.Later Vinod sees a recording, showing the Indian media magnate Metla planning the attack. Vinod accuses Metla and the Zeus group for murdering millions for making money at the global stock exchanges and starting a nuclear war in sub-continent for Geo-political reasons. Metla mocks Vinod, telling him world affairs are too complex for 'lowly police officers' to understand. However, Vinod is wearing a wire, and London cell of the Lashkar-e-Toiba are listening in. Realizing that they have been manipulated by Metla into almost starting a war with India, with the Pakistan government violently cracking down on them, the Lashkar sends a suicide bomber (Arif Zakaria) to assassinate Metla at a function in his honor. Metla is killed, but posthumously feted as a great philanthropist.On a beach in Cape Town, the beautiful Russian girl who first acquired the nuclear device is seen sunbathing. She looks up to find Agent Vinod smiling at her. It is apparent Vinod has moved on to his next mission.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Somewhere in a Taliban camp in the Dasht-e-Madar desert, in Afghanistan, ISI official Col. Huzefa is interrogating a captured man presumed to be a RAW agent. The man gives details of RAW's operations in Afghanistan in exchange for money and safe passage across the border. In doing so, he betrays his colleague, Major Rajan, who has also infiltrated the camp. This is, however, revealed to be a ruse, as both overpower their captors and fight their way out of the camp. Along the way, they rescue a girl called Farah, who was being held hostage.
Later, the captured man who escaped with Rajan is revealed, in New Delhi, to be Agent Vinod, who is shown a video message recorded by Rajan from Russia mentioning '242' just moments before being shot dead and tasked by RAW chief Hassan Nawaz to find out what '242' is. Vinod travels to St. Petersburg to intercept criminal don Abu Nazer and is almost captured, but manages to escape killing Abu in the process and goes to Tangier, Morocco. He assumes the identity of Freddie Khambatta and meets the Russian mafia boss David Kazaan and his personal Pakistani doctor, Ruby Mendes. Vinod manages to convince Kazaan that he is indeed Freddie and hacks his phone. He gets closer to Ruby to find out what '242' is and finds out that her name is actually Iram Parveen Bilal, and she is a British-Pakistani working undercover for the ISI. He obtains an invitation card for a private auction and learns that many international businessmen, some of them terrorist groups, are converging at an antiques auction in Marrakesh to purchase '242'.
At the auction, Vinod learns that '242' is actually the detonator for a nuclear device, and runs into businessman and philanthropist Jagdishwar Metla, with whom he has a disturbing conversation. A bidding war ensues, and Kazaan manages to secure the detonator through his Russian girlfriend. Eventually, when ISI chief Col. Iftekhar Ahmed is later shot dead in Pakistan by Col. Huzefa moments after being informed of a few defectors, it turns out that a group of rogue ISI colonels, including Huzefa, is planning a nuclear attack on India. Back in Morocco, Kazaan locks the detonator with a password, and hands it over to the mysterious 'Colonel', who has arrived in Morocco. Iram finds out that Vinod is a RAW agent and both agree to work together to prevent the nuclear device from falling into the wrong hands. 'Colonel' captures Ruby and asks her to reveal the whereabouts of Vinod; he then blackmails Vinod's contact into deceitfully retrieving the detonator and later has him killed before Vinod, who realizes the betrayal, can question him at gunpoint. Shortly afterwards, he is attacked and admitted to a hospital. He clears his way out of the hospital to find Iram. 'Colonel', now having the detonator, reaches Riga, Latvia to acquire the bomb. He is joined by rogue mercenary Jimmy, who is to detonate the bomb.
'Colonel' enlists Iram to help his men transport the bomb out of Latvia and tries to kill her, but fails. Vinod and Iram join hands again and try to capture the 'Colonel' and the bomb and reach Karachi, where they bump into Farah as she gets them access inside a function attended by Col. Pasha, only for Vinod and Iram to be captured by Col. Huzefa and nevertheless manage to escape. Meanwhile, elsewhere, the house of an old man known only as 'Professor', who has links to 'Colonel', is infiltrated by the RAW team with Iram visiting in the name of 'Colonel'; despite 'Colonel' leaking her allegiances to him, when 'Professor' tries to kill Iram, he is neutralized by a team of special forces soldiers. Later, while putting two and two together through artifacts recovered from 'Professor' at his house, they learn of a plot to smuggle the nuclear device from Karachi into India, via the sea route, and learn that the target of the bomb is New Delhi. They make it to Delhi, where Jimmy has already reached, and try to locate the bomb, but fail when Jimmy sets off a grenade and Vinod loses him in the fracas. Iram runs into 'Colonel', disguised as a pilot, again when she bumps into Metla and is fatally shot, but points him out to Indian security forces, who spring into action when he holds Metla at gunpoint; Metla manages to free himself from 'Colonel', and in a shootout, his head is chopped to pieces by the helicopter blades. Eventually, Vinod successfully tracks down the bomb to a restaurant, strategically killing Jimmy, and takes it up in an NSG helicopter to detonate it as far away from the city as possible since nobody knows the password; he asks Hassan to connect him to Iram, who is being treated for her gunshot wounds. Iram realises the password to the detonator was set by Kazaan and asks Vinod to try the name of Kazaan's camel - "Zilleh". The bomb is successfully defused, though Iram succumbs to her gunshot wounds.
Vinod meets up with Hassan, who informs him of a flashdrive recovered from 'Colonel'; he later visits Metla, revealing to him that he knows Metla has had a hand in the conspiracy as its mastermind since he had struck a deal with 'Colonel' to earn the Zeus Group millions of dollars and orchestrated the nuclear attack for his own benefit; Metla, however, mocks him, claiming geopolitical affairs like these are too complex for "lowkey" officers like him to understand. Unbeknownst to Metla, Vinod is secretly recording the conversation through a wire, with the Lashkar-e-Taiba's London cell listening in since minutes before their meeting. Realizing that they have been manipulated into almost starting a war with India, with the Pakistani government cracking down on them, the cell sends a suicide bomber to assassinate Metla at a function in his honour, even as Vinod proclaims to Metla that he must die "like a hero". Metla is killed, but posthumously feted as a great philanthropist. Later, on a beach in Cape Town, the Russian woman who first acquired the nuclear device is seen sunbathing; she looks up to find Vinod smiling at her, indicating he has moved on to his next mission.