Aakash Rana (Ajay Devgn), is an illegal immigrant married to British citizen Nikita (Kangna Ranaut) living as a successful engineer but is caught and deported from the UK thus crushing his dreams of an ideal life. The court rules that Aakash's Hindu marriage to Nikita is against the British laws and hence not recognized. They seize all his assets and bank accounts.
The British Government bars Aakash from ever returning to the UK.Four years later, Aakash returns with vengeance on his mind and teams up with his former employees Aadil Khan (Zayed Khan) and Megha (Sameera Reddy) to wreak some havoc. Aakash and Aadil purchase a large quantity of C4 explosive from a black-market arms dealer. Aakash had helped Aadil and Megha in the past, and they were only too eager to help Aakash in his quest to get respect and justice from the British Government. Nikita is not aware of the plan.What follows is a bomb threat on a train and a tensed Railway Control officer Sanjay Raina (Boman Irani) and Anti-Terrorism officer Arjun Khanna (Anil Kapoor) trying every trick in the book to avert the disaster and to apprehend the culprits. The train is headed to Glasglow (which is a roughly 6 hours train ride from London) and the bomb will explode if the train drops 60 Kmph. There are 500 passengers on the train. To prove that he is not lying, Aakash explodes a bomb on a freight train when it slows down by 5 Kmph on a natural incline.Sanjay Raina is trying his best to save his daughter Piya (Avika Gor) and the passengers in the train. Also thrown in the mix are police officer Shivan Nair (Mohanlal) and his team of cops, who are escorting a prisoner on the same ill-fated train. The prisoner is the criminal who provided Aadil & Aakash with the explosives. The criminal had spotted Aadil at the train station, when he was being led into the train by cops.Aakash demands 10 million euros and then he will tell how to disarm the bomb. The bomb is rigged so that if the train slows down below a certain speed, it will explode. The ministry does not want to give the money, but Khanna convinces them that the money will be given back and is a way to lure the terrorists. After following Aakash's instructions and dropping the money in a river, he walks away. Meghna gets the money and tries to get away. She evades the cops after a vicious chase but unfortunately, she is killed by a van at an intersection.Khanna finds out that Khan is one of the bombers (by tracking down an ATM footage that clearly shows Aadil planting the bomb on the train) and chases him. Khan is shot in the leg, but he gets away after jumping from the bridge and landing on a jet ski driven by Aakash. Aakash once again demands money and tells it to be left in a dustbin. The dustbin falls inward and Aakash runs away with the money even though the police attempt to pursue him.Khanna and his team find out where Aadil is and go there to arrest him. However, Aadil commits suicide with a bomb almost killing Khanna. Aakash calls Raina and tells him that a note has been left at a restaurant called Delhi Darbar that tells how to diffuse the bomb. However, the restaurant catches on fire and the letter is burnt. Aakash visits Nikita and his son, and they arrange to leave UK that night via flight. Khanna finds that Aakash is the real mastermind behind the scheme when he visits Megha's brother in the hospital who talks about Aakash, Aadil & Megha.Khanna visits Nikita and tells who her husband is. After changing the plan, that they should leave UK via train because the police have found out about his plan of leaving via plane, he goes to the train station. There he sees a video of Raina asking the bomber to call again as the letter was burned. Aakash calls Raina and tells him that the bomb was not connected to the wheels and the train will not explode if stopped. Raina stops the train, and everyone disembarks safely.Nikita who is helping Khanna now, goes to the train station and sees Aakash and the news that the bomb threat was a hoax. Nikita lets Aakash go and doesn't point him out to Khanna. Khanna pursues her and demands she tell him where Aakash is so that he can catch him. Nikita convinces Khanna that it was not Aakash that she saw. Khanna refuses to believe her lies and convinces her that Aakash is a bomber, and this is the only time she can save the passengers. She tells him that he is lying to her again because the bomb in the train was a rumor, and everyone is safe. Khanna tells her that she is actually helping a criminal, but she doesn't believe him because so many people's lives have been ruined by that law. She lets Aakash go, but Khanna finds out as Aakash's son calls him Daddy. Nikita tries to convince Khanna that it's not Aakash, but Khanna, knowing that she is lying, refuses to listen to her.Khanna chases him and they fight. After Aakash pleas to Khanna to let him go and explains why he took such drastic actions. Realizing that Aakash was a victim of deportation and wants to just be with his family again at peace, Khanna stays silent (hinting he will let him leave free). However, the police arrive and after seeing that Aakash had a gun, they shoot him.In the end, Nikita receives a letter which Aakash had written before his death. It stated that the money (which Aakash asked for defusing the bomb) was in Aakash's bank locker, in case he dies. He also states that she should give half the money to Megha's brother and Aadil's mother. Also, he asks her to tell his son that what he did was to get justice and dies in doing so. Finally, Aakash tells Nikita that if they ever meet in the next life, the end of their love story would be much better and bids her goodbye.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Aakash Rana is an illegal immigrant married to British-Indian citizen Nikita, who lives as a successful engineer. He is eventually caught and deported from the UK, thus crushing his dreams of an ideal life.
Four years later, Aakash returns with a vengeance on his mind and teams up with his former employees Aadil Khan and Megha to wreak some havoc. What follows is a bomb threat on a train and a tense railway control officer, Sanjay Raina, and anti-terrorism officer, Arjun Khanna, trying every trick in the book to avert the disaster and to apprehend the culprits. Sanjay Raina tries his best to save his daughter Piya, and the passengers in the train who are thrown in the mix are police officer Shivan Menon and his team of police force, who are escorting a prisoner on the same ill-fated train. Aakash demands 10 million euros to tell them how to disarm the bomb. The ministry does not want to give the money, but Khanna convinces them that the money will be given back and is a way to lure the terrorists.
After following Aakash's instructions and dropping the money in a river, he walks away. Megha gets the money and tries to get away. She evades the cops after a vicious chase, but unfortunately, she is killed by a van in an intersection. Khanna finds out that Khan is one of the bombers and chases him. Khan is shot in the leg, but he gets away after jumping from the bridge and landing on a jet ski driven by Aakash. Aakash once again demands money and asks it to be left in a dustbin. The dustbin falls inward, and Aakash runs away with the money even though the police attempt to pursue him.
Khanna and his team find out where Aadil is and go to arrest him. Aadil commits suicide with a bomb, almost killing Khanna. Aakash calls Raina and tells him that a note has been left at a restaurant called Delhi Darbar that tells how to defuse the bomb. However, the restaurant catches on fire, and the letter is burnt. Aakash visits Nikita and his son, and they arrange to fly out of the UK that night. Khanna visits Nikita and tells her who her husband is. After changing the plan (that they should leave the UK via train because the police have found out about his plan of leaving via plane), he goes to the train station. There he sees a video of Raina asking the bomber to call again as the letter was burnt.
Aakash calls Raina and tells him that the bomb was not connected to the wheels and the train will not explode if stopped. Raina stops the train and everyone disembarks safely. Nikita, who is helping Khanna now, goes to the train station and sees Aakash and the news that the bomb threat was a hoax. Khanna pursues her and demands she tell him where Aakash is so that he can catch him. Nikita convinces Khanna that it was not Aakash that she saw. Khanna refuses to believe her lies and convinces her that Aakash is a bomber and this is the only time she can save the passengers. She tells him that he is lying to her again because the bomb in the train was a rumor and everyone is safe. Khanna tells her that she is actually helping a criminal, but she doesn't believe him because so many people's lives have been ruined by that law. She lets Aakash go, but Khanna finds out as Aakash's son calls him Daddy. Nikita tries to convince Khanna that it's not Aakash, but Khanna, knowing that she is lying, refuses to listen to her and chases him, and they fight. Aakash tells Khanna to let him go and explains why he took such drastic actions. Realizing that Aakash was a victim of deportation and wants to just be with his family again at peace, Khanna stays silent (hinting he will let him leave scot-free). However, the police arrive; after seeing that Aakash had a gun, they shoot him.
In the end, Nikita receives a letter Aakash had written. It stated that the money (which Aakash asked for to defuse the bomb) was in Aakash's bank locker. He also states that she should give half the money to Megha's brother and Adil's mother. He asks her to tell his son that what he did was to get justice. Finally, Aakash tells Nikita that if they ever meet in the next life, the end of their love story will be much better and bids her goodbye.