Naren Ahuja (Ajay Devgn) works as a bank manager and is seeking divorce from his wife, Madhvi (Rituparna Sengupta) who is a TV anchor. Both had busy lives and had no time for each other. They even communicated through the sticky notes on the refrigerator. Even their love for their daughter Purvi was not enough to save their marriage. Naren's lawyer Sunanda says that despite the fast track, the divorce might take 6 months.
Abhay Suri (Emraan Hashmi) is a playboy and gym trainer. Abhay is used to women paying for all of his expenses.
Milind Kelkar (Omi Vaidya) works in a matrimonial company and is in search for true love. Milind is a poet at heart.Naren leaves his house and starts living in his deceased parents' house. Abhay and Milind are thrown out of their rented apartments. Abhay for bringing females into his society for amorous activities & Milind for demanding his landlord to fix a leaking roof.
They end up as paying guests for Naren. Naren wanted paying guests in the house, as the house was too big for him, and he felt lonely. Plus, this way the living expenses of the house would also get shared. Naren takes a deposit of Rs 1 Lakh each from both his paying guests.
Abhay and Milind are opposites of each other. Abhay is unorganized and a slacker and irritates Milind by eating his food and invading his private space. Abhay is fired from his job when he hits on a customer at the gym, who turns out to be the wife of a mafia don based in Dubai. Abhay struggles to find a new job as there are too many gym trainers in the market.Naren has a crush on June Pinto (Shazahn Padamsee), who works as an intern in his bank. Naren is 38 and June is 21.
A friend asks Milind to recite his poetry at a pub called "The Satisfied Indian" as the pub provides a platform for emerging poets. Gungun is a Radio Jockey hosting the poetry competition at the pub and says that the winner will get to perform their poetry on her radio show. Milind wins the competition and gets to spend a lot of time with Gungun.
Milind starts loving Gungun Sarkar (Shraddha Das).Abhay attends the funeral of a supermodel Mona whom he used to date earlier. The funeral is also attended by Anushka, who was Mona's rival when she was alive. Abhay falls for Anushka Narang (Tisca Chopra), a former Ms. India, who married a multi-millionaire and is interested in young men. Abhay tracks Anushka through her Facebook page and inserts himself in her life.Abhay gets full attention from Anushka, after he shows up at a dog clinic which Anushka frequents, and they start having an affair. Abhay buys a puppy for Rs 500 and brings it to the dog clinic to show that he and Anushka are both dog lovers. Abhay says that he found the puppy at CST station, and he is a terror, so he named him Kasab.
Abhay and Anushka later meet by chance at a dance club and end up sharing a dance. Anushka is frustrated that her husband is leaving for Geneva, even though they made plans to vacation in Cape Town together. Anushka hires Abhay as her personal trainer and start having regular sex.The 3 guys share their stories with each other & even ask for tips on how to proceed in tricky situations.
Naren and June start enjoying each other's company after Naren saves June from the evil eye of her co-workers at office. Abhay asks Naren to casual check if June has a boyfriend and then impress her with the maturity card. June says that she used to date Chris in college, but he is not her boyfriend anymore.Milind tries to impress Gungun, which annoys her, but she uses Milind for her own career advancement reasons. Milind frequently ends up paying for Gungun's parties & even for her friends. It starts with Milind paying Rs 11,000 for one night of drinks for Gungun and her friends.
Abhay warns Milind that he is on a fool's errand and that Gungun is not interested in him, but Milind is adamant that they are spending quality time with each other.
Plus, Gungun frequently asks Milind to step in to her radio show when she is completely unprepared as she was sleeping till 1 hour before the show was going to be on AIR. Milind is an award-winning Poet & Gungun gets him to write the scripts for her show to impress her boss.The three love stories blossom until Nikki Narang (Shruti Haasan), the stepdaughter of Anushka, enters the story. Abhay falls for Nikki and starts ignoring Anushka. He breaks up with Anushka and starts going out with Nikki. Nikki & Abhay have sex, even after Anushka had warned Abhay against having a relationship with Nikki.Gungun keeps using Milind to pay for her entries into 5-star clubs where she meets Bollywood & Tollywood directors to try and advance her movie career. She even gets Milind to pay for her complete photo shoot that costs Rs 2 Lakhs.
June invites Naren to parties with her ex-boyfriend Chris (Dhruv Bhandari) & his gang. Chris insults Naren & June apologizes for him. Then June uses Naren's influence to bail Chris out when he is arrested for drunk driving.June's grandmother (Daisy Irani) invites Naren for dinner, and Gungun eventually falls in love with Milind when she gets rejection from all producers & directors but still finds Milind supporting her blindly & completely. Abhay breaks up with Anushka.The next day, everything changes. Milind gets angry after getting a letter from Gungun that she's going to Chennai for a movie, Nikki breaks up with Abhay, and June's grandmother invites Naren to get his opinion on June marrying Chris, her boyfriend.
At the airport, the three friends decide to go to Goa for a change and vow never to fall for girls anymore. However, once in Goa, they find three new girls.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Three men living different lifestyles in Mumbai are on the lookout for a 'perfect love life.' Naren Ahuja works as a bank manager and is seeking divorce from his wife, Madhvi; Abhay Suri is a playboy and gym trainer; and Milind Kelkar works in a matrimonial company and is in search of true love. Naren leaves his house and starts living in his parents' house. Abhay and Milind are thrown out of their rented apartments and end up as paying guests for Naren, who has a crush on June Pinto, a new intern in his bank. Milind starts developing feelings for a radio jockey, Gungun Sarkar. Abhay falls for Anushka Narang, a former Miss India who married a multi-millionaire and is interested in young men.
Naren and June start enjoying each other's company. Milind tries to impress Gungun, which annoys her, but she uses Milind for her own reasons. Abhay gets full attention from Anushka, and they start having an affair. The three love stories blossom until Nikki Narang, Anushka's stepdaughter, enters the story. Abhay falls for Nikki and starts ignoring Anushka. He breaks up with Anushka and starts going out with Nikki. June's grandma invites Naren for dinner, and Gungun eventually falls in love with Milind. However, everything changes. Milind gets upset after getting a letter from Gungun that she's going to Chennai for a film project; Nikki dumps Abhay, therefore admitting that she was just using him for sex and he's not her type; and June's grandma invites Naren to get his opinion on June marrying Chris Pascal, her boyfriend. At the airport, the three decide to go to Goa for a vacation and vow never to fall for girls any more. However, they find three new girls.