In 2008, Deepak Kumar (Saif Ali Khan) is at an interview for the teacher's post at an affluent school. The interviewers turn him down when they discover his low-caste roots. Deepak's mother is a domestic maid. Deepak was the topper in BSc from STM college and for MSc he stood first in the university's merit list. Despite his credentials, Deepak is not given a job as they say that Deepak's upbringing is not fit for teaching children of businessmen and politicians who would study at their new school.Deepak relates the incident to his mentor, Dr. Prabhakar Anand (Amitabh Bachchan). Dr Anand, the legendary principal of renowned STM college / Shakuntala Thakral Mahavidyalaya, offers Deepak an interim job as a teacher at STM. Deepak plans to go to the US to complete his PhD. He needed the holding job till he is able to secure his admission to a US university.
Anand is a respected educator and runs a small coaching class from the confines of his home, where he tutors school children. Many of his students are admitted to reputed colleges in India as well as aboard.Deepak is comforted by his friend, Sushant (Prateik Babbar) (an upper-caste boy), and his girlfriend Poorbi (Deepika Padukone), who is Dr. Anand's daughter. Anand is married to Kavita (Tanvi Azmi). Anirudh Prasad Chaudhary (Darshan Jariwala) is the secretary of the STM trust.The state minister, Baburam (Saurabh Shukla), wishes to enroll his no-good nephew at STM. Dr. Anand, however, turns him down. The minister decides to install his own man, Mithilesh Singh (Manoj Bajpayee), on the STM college board. Cunning and greedy, Mithilesh seeks only to enrich himself. The minister's grand ambition is to build a multi-billion educational conglomerate and plans to use Mithilesh's outside business, KK coaching classes, for the same.
Mithilesh approves the minister's nephew's admission to STM and in exchange Baburam allows Mithilesh to expand from 7 coaching centers to 27, utilizing the minister's sprawling commercial real estate space.The Supreme Court grants reservations for Other Backward Classes. A large crowd of STM students, boisterously celebrating the ruling, arrive at the gates of STM and start a ruckus. Sushant gathers a group of upper-caste boys and tries to drive off the revelers. Sushant is livid as he missed admission in his favored college because of the new reservation rules. Dr. Anand hauls Deepak and Sushant but is shocked to find that Deepak has turned on him. Poorbi later confronts Deepak and orders him to apologize to her father, but he refuses, leading to their break-up.The backward classes welcome reservations because it provides additional opportunities for education. The upper classes are against reservations because they do not believe in a level-playing field. These arguments are played out between Sushant and Deepak. The moderate STM administrators are afraid that college-level reservations may create conflicts between the students. STM is a private institution, but Anand has always supported the cause of the backward classes by providing them backdoor entry into STM by ignoring the board prescribed cut off percentages. When asked by a reporter, Dr. Anand shares his personal opinion that some form of reservation, free of politics and economics, is good for society.The next day's headlines scream that Dr. Anand favors reservations. The STM board is outraged. Dr. Anand is warned that Mithilesh will use this to oust him as Anand's views on reservation might be construed as official STM policy. Dr. Anand resigns from STM, and Mithilesh is appointed as the new principal. Sushant soon realizes that Dr. Anand's intention is not bad and that he does not have caste feelings.In an added twist, a few months ago Anand had allowed his dying ex-vice principals sons to stay in his house till they were able to get back on their feet. The ex-vice principal died after a long illness. Anand also signs as a guarantor for the bank to allow his sons to take a loan and open a computer classes business.The ex-vice principal died (which is when Mithilesh was appointed Vice principal). Then the sons sign a contract with Mithilesh to run coaching classes out of the premises (which belong to Anand) for 2 years.
Dr. Anand, to his shock, finds that his house is being used for K.K. coaching classes, which is linked to Mithilesh. Anand comes to know of this when he comes to stay in his own house after surrendering his official residence as the principal of STM.Dr. Anand's house lands in a civil court case, and no lawyer is ready to go against Mithilesh. His attempts to throw Mithilesh out come to a naught. Eventually one of the STM teachers comes forward & gets Anand & his family to stay with them.Deepak returns from his PhD studies in the US & tries to use his Dalit political connections to get the house evicted from Mithilesh. However, Mithilesh uses his even bigger political connections to thwart Deepak. Deepak then attacks Mithilesh's coaching center, which Mithilesh manages to capture on live TV & gets Deepak & Anand arrested for hooliganism. Police arrest Deepak, but later Deepak gets released on bail by Sushant.Dr Anand resolves to take out Mithilesh with the only weapon left: teaching. He approaches his friend, Shambhu (Yashpal Sharma) the cowherd, and takes shelter at the cowshed. He begins teaching small groups of needy and backward students from the nearby poor neighborhood, at the cowshed. His first success is Muniya (Aanchal Munjal), Shambhu's daughter who comes in first place at the board exam.Muniya's principal offers to send more students to Dr. Anand's cowshed school. Deepak and Sushant return to Dr. Anand and join forces, teaching at the cowshed school. The cowshed students fare much better at the exams than their classmates. The cowshed school's reputation grows and begins to draw away students at Mithilesh's coaching class.Mithilesh responds by obtaining a legal permit to demolish the cowshed. The situation is diffused by the arrival of Shakuntala Tai (Hema Malini), the reclusive magnate who started the STM institutions. She calls the chief minister, who promptly averts the destruction of the cowshed. Mithilesh is dismissed, and Dr. Anand is installed as the chief trustee of the STM and lifelong principal of the newly created STM Remedial Center.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
In 2008, Deepak Kumar (Saif Ali Khan), an MSc topper, is at an interview for the teacher's post at an affluent school. The interviewers turn him down when they discover his low-caste roots. Deepak relates the incident to his mentor, Dr. Prabhakar Anand (Amitabh Bachchan). Dr. Anand, the legendary principal of renowned STM college, where Deepak studied, offers Deepak an interim job as a teacher at STM. Deepak is comforted by his friend, Sushant (Prateik Babbar), an upper-caste boy, and his girlfriend, Poorvi (Deepika Padukone), who is Dr. Anand's daughter.
The state minister, Baburam, wishes to enroll his no-good nephew at STM. Dr. Anand, however, turns him down. The minister decides to install his own man, Dr. Mithilesh Singh (Manoj Bajpayee), on the STM college board. Cunning and greedy, Mithilesh seeks only to enrich himself. The minister's ambition is to build a multi-billion-dollar educational conglomerate and plans to use Mithilesh's outside business—a coaching class—for it.
The Supreme Court grants reservations for other backward classes. A large crowd of STM students, boisterously celebrating the ruling, arrive at the gates of STM and create a ruckus. Sushant gathers a group of upper-caste boys and tries to drive off the revellers. Dr. Anand hauls Deepak and Sushant but is shocked to find that Deepak has turned on him. Poorvi later confronts Deepak and asks him to apologise to her father, but he refuses, leading to their breakup.
The backward classes welcome reservations because they provide additional education opportunities. The upper classes are against reservations because they do not believe in the effectiveness of the reservation system. These arguments are played out between Sushant and Deepak. The moderate STM administrators are afraid that college-level reservations may create conflicts between the students. When asked by a reporter, Dr. Anand shares his personal opinion – that some form of reservation, free of politics and economics, is good for society. The next day's headlines scream that Dr. Anand favours reservations. The STM board is outraged; Dr. Anand is warned that Mithilesh will use this to oust him. Dr. Anand resigns from STM, and Mithilesh is appointed as the new principal. Sushant soon realizes that Dr. Anand's intention is not bad and that he does not have caste feelings.
Dr. Anand, to his shock, finds that his house is being used for K.K. coaching classes, which is linked to Mithilesh. Earlier, Dr. Anand had signed as a guarantor for the bank loan taken by his friend, allowing his friend's sons to stay in that house for 2 years. However, they used it to earn money by allowing K.K. coaching classes inside the house. Dr. Anand's house lands in a civil court case, and no lawyer is ready to go against Mithilesh. Meanwhile, Deepak, who is in the United States, finds that Dr. Anand has resigned from STM and immediately comes to India. An enraged Deepak goes to that house and takes the law into his own hands by trying to evacuate people related to K.K. coaching classes. Police arrest Deepak, but later Deepak gets released on bail by Sushant.
Dr. Anand resolves to take out Mithilesh with the only weapon left: teaching. He approaches his friend, Shambhu the cowherd, and takes shelter at the tabela (cowshed). He begins teaching small groups of needy and backward students from the bastee (nearby neighbourhood), at the cowshed. His first success is Muniya (Aanchal Munjal), Shambhu's daughter, who comes in first place in the board exam. Muniya's principal offers to send more students to Dr. Anand's Tabela school. Deepak and Sushant return to Dr. Anand and join forces, teaching at the Tabela school. The Tabela students fare much better in exams than their classmates. The Tabela school's reputation grows and begins to draw away students from Mithilesh's coaching class.
Mithilesh responds by obtaining a legal permit to demolish the cowshed. The situation is diffused by the arrival of Shakuntala Tai, the reclusive magnate who started the STM institutions. She calls the chief minister, who promptly averts the destruction of the cowshed. Mithilesh is dismissed, and Dr. Anand is reinstated as the chief trustee of the STM and lifelong principal of the newly created STM Remedial Center.