A prostitute on the streets tries to entice a man dressed in a woman's outfit, who later kills her after she performs a seductive dance number for him.Orphaned at a young age, former officer with Goa Police, Arjun Vishnu Bhaagwat (Emraan Hashmi), now lives alone, though he has a sweetheart in gorgeous model, Priya (Jacqueline Fernandez).
Arjun Bhagwat is a money-hungry ex-cop involved in committing crimes. An atheist, he regularly visits the church to donate money to orphans. At the church, he comes into contact with Priya, a model.Arjun seems to kiss her initially without her consent, but she later gives in and both of them end up at her home. Priya reveals to harbor romantic feelings for Arjun. However, Arjun only lusts after Priya's marvelous body. He asks her to find someone else if she wants love, as Arjun can only have a no-strings-attached relationship, and nothing else.Meanwhile, the girl who got killed is getting dumped by the man at a well full of dead bodies of women like her.Many prostitutes have gone missing in the recent weeks and months and the issue is now taken up by the police. The police extend their search for missing prostitutes, specifically the Caucasian daughter Jyothi (Yana Gupta) of a high-profile Russian Diplomat, due to which the entire matter came to light. Arjun is hired by a gangster, Sameer (the pimp), and for a fee, must not only locate missing call-girls but also their abductor. Arjun asks for Rs 5 Lakhs to solve the case.Arjun finds that Jyothi received an SMS on her mobile to meet at a particular location, but her mobile was left behind after she was abducted.
Unable to get any clues, he then enlists the assistance of Sameer to recruit a bait, Reshma (Sulagna Panigrahi), who comes from an impoverished family, for the killer. Reshma was picked up by a man named Dheeraj Pandey (Prashant Narayanan) who is a psychopathic murderer responsible for torturing and killing the missing prostitutes including Jyothi, the girl who was abducted at the beginning of the story.Shortly thereafter Reshma goes missing, and Arjun loses contact with her. Guilt-ridden, he decides to use all possible resources to try and locate her before she herself becomes included in the official 'missing persons' list.Reshma was instructed to SMS the address she was going to, but Dheeraj took away her cell phone but treated her very gently in the beginning. Reshma is a college girl but has to sell herself to support her education as she comes from a poor family with mom & 2 younger sisters. Dheeraj is a sociopath & hates prostitutes & takes a sadistic pleasure in killing them & dumping them in a deserted well on his property. He kills Reshma & dumps her in the well too.Arjun tries his best but can't trace Reshma. He investigates further & gets the phone number from which Dheeraj books the girls for his games.
He thinks the kidnapper is selling the girls in a human trafficking ring. He traces Dheeraj & gets him on the streets to elicit a confession, but the police arrest them both.In the police station Inspector Sadaa (Sudhanshu Pandey) trusts Arjun & even Dheeraj admits to killing the prostitutes. However, Sadaa's senior asks Sadaa to keep the investigation under wraps due to the high-profile nature of the case. Sadaa asks Arjun to investigate and gather proof while he questions the sick mind of Dheeraj. Arjun refuses to believe that Dheeraj has killed the girls. He believes they are alive but can't convince Sadaa.Meanwhile in the well, Reshma regains consciousness. She is badly hurt, but alive.
Arjun reaches Dheeraj's home & meets his mother & dad. They tell him that Dheeraj was married & tortured his wife & they kicked him out.Meanwhile police continue to question Dheeraj & his motives for killing the girls, but they still don't have any proof. Dheeraj is a transvestite & gets a call from a fellow transvestite political leader Nirmala Pandit (Sandeep Sikand) who says she is heading to Goa to help him out.A staff psychiatrist is brought in & Dheeraj confesses to her that he cut off his own penis to become a transvestite. The doctor surmises that Dheeraj has no respect for women & still hungers for them. But since he can't have sex anymore, he kills them & takes sadistic pleasure in that.
Reshma manages to climb out the well by next morning and wander around in the forest surrounding Dheeraj's home. Around same time the transvestite politician arrives & releases Dheeraj from police custody. Inspector Sadaa informs Arjun that Dheeraj is free, and the police try to track him down as quickly as possible.Up next, he meets a private dancer, Sonia, who was also tortured by Dheeraj but managed to escape. Arjun then meets an idol-maker who used to work with Dheeraj. The maker tells him that Dheeraj used to make idols of devils instead of deities and killed the factory owner who tried to stop him.
By chance, Nirmala and Dheeraj enter the same temple where Reshma is hiding. Nirmala and the priest, who had both been unaware of Dheeraj's true nature, are killed by Dheeraj, but not before the priest reveals that Reshma is also there. Dheeraj finds the terrified Reshma who urinates (out of fear) on seeing him. Dheeraj then brutally murders her, escaping just before Arjun and the cops arrive. Arjun finds Reshma's body and breaks down, feeling guilty and responsible for her death.Dheeraj targets Priya next, whom he calls for a photo shoot and tries to torture, but Arjun saves her, engaging Dheeraj in a fight as police officers show up. They request Arjun not to kill Dheeraj. Dheeraj then plays the tape he recorded when he was torturing Reshma. Hearing Reshma's pleading cries, Arjun, tormented by her death and blaming himself for it, furiously stabs Dheeraj multiple times until being stopped by inspector Sadaa, but after witnessing the sadistic nature of Dheeraj in the form of Reshma's cries, Sadaa ultimately shoots him, ending his reign of terror once and for all.Arjun visits a church with Priya, implying that he has faith in God and Priya's near-death has made him realize his love for her.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
The film starts with a woman trying to entice a man later dressing in a woman's outfit, who later kills her.
Arjun Bhagwat is a money-hungry ex-cop involved in committing crimes. An atheist, he regularly visits the church to donate money to orphans. At the church, he comes into contact with Priya, a model. Arjun seems to kiss her initially without her consent, but she later gives in and both of them end up at her home. Priya reveals to harbor romantic feelings for Arjun. However, Arjun only lusts after Priya's marvelous body. He asks her to find someone else if she wants love, as Arjun can only have a no-strings-attached relationship, and nothing else.
Meanwhile, the girl who got killed is getting dumped by the man at a well full of dead bodies of women like her.
Arjun makes a deal with a gangster and pimp, Sameer, to solve the mystery of the unexplained disappearance of his prostitutes. While investigating, Arjun finds a phone number linked to the missing girls. He tells Sameer to send a prostitute to that number. Sameer decides to send Reshma, a college newcomer in the business, who has chosen this work to feed her family but keeps this a secret from them. Reshma is sent to the house of Dheeraj Pandey who is a psychopathic murderer responsible for torturing and killing the missing hookers including Jyoti (who gets killed at the beginning of the film). He decides to do the same with Reshma and throws her in a dark well, to torture her till she dies.
Arjun discovers that Dheeraj is the murderer and informs the police. While Dheeraj is in jail, the commissioner calls a psychiatrist Dr. Sania to extract his confession. Dheeraj tells the doctor that he kills women because he thinks they take advantage of men. Dheeraj is eventually released under Nirmala Pandit's influence. Meanwhile, Reshma escapes from the well and tries to find her way through the forest.
Arjun meets Dheeraj's family, and the family reveals that Dheeraj used to beat his wife. Up next, he meets a private dancer, Sonia, who was also tortured by Dheeraj but managed to escape. Arjun then meets an idol-maker who used to work with Dheeraj. The maker tells him that Dheeraj used to make idols of devils instead of deities and killed the factory owner who tried to stop him. Inspector Sadaa informs Arjun that Dheeraj is free, and the police try to track him down as quickly as possible. Nirmala and Dheeraj enter the same temple where Reshma is hiding. Nirmala and the priest, who had both been unaware of Dheeraj's true nature, are killed by Dheeraj, but not before the priest reveals that Reshma is also there. Dheeraj finds the terrified Reshma who urinates (out of fear) on seeing him. Dheeraj then brutally murders her, escaping just before Arjun and the cops arrive. Arjun finds Reshma's body and breaks down, feeling guilty and responsible for her death.
Dheeraj targets Priya next, whom he calls for a photo shoot and tries to torture, but Arjun saves her, engaging Dheeraj in a fight as police officers show up. They request Arjun not to kill Dheeraj. Dheeraj then plays the tape he recorded when he was torturing Reshma. Hearing Reshma's pleading cries, Arjun, tormented by her death and blaming himself for it, furiously stabs Dheeraj multiple times until being stopped by inspector Sadaa, but after witnessing the sadistic nature of Dheeraj in the form of Reshma's cries, Sadaa ultimately shoots him, ending his reign of terror once and for all. As the film ends, Arjun visits a church with Priya, implying that he has faith in God and Priya's near-death has made him realize his love for her.