Mini isn't eager to wed the rich suitor who's been chosen for her, so she stages her own kidnapping and runs off with a man who works for her father.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Mini is a young woman who lives off her father Bhatti's money and wealth. She hates the term "marriage." However, she is still being forced to get married by her father to Sunny, a man from a wealthy family who just wants access to Mini's Canadian Green Card. Viren is a hard-working simpleton who dreams of having his own travel agency with a fleet of cars for which he is painstakingly saving money. He works as a rickshaw driver for Bhatti and keeps his savings under the seat of his rickshaw. Bhatti sells off all his rickshaws one day – with Viren's savings of Rs. 60,000 in one of them – and buys a new fleet of cars. Viren gets drunk to drown his sorrows over his lost money; in a drunken stupor, he ends up at Bhatti's doorstep demanding his money back, while Mini's engagement to Sunny is in progress. An argument ensues, and Viren lays his hands on a pistol. Viren tells Bhatti that he is going to count to three or he is going to shoot him. Viren counts to three but misses because he is drunk.
Amidst the commotion, Mini seizes the opportunity to cancel her marriage and forces Viren to kidnap her, making him drive off in one of her father's new taxis. The spunky Mini makes a deal with Viren that he will follow her instructions and will demand a ransom of Rs 1 million (10 lakh rupees) from her father. He can then have his Rs 60,000 that he lost, and she will keep the rest as she does not want to go back home and get married. While the ransom letter is on the way to Bhatti, the two enter someone's empty home and try to make ends meet. In the process, they fall in love and are happy with each other. The story takes a twist when Sunny and Bhatti come to pay the ransom money but fool them and start firing, hoping to take Mini back. Suddenly, Mini and Viren are kidnapped by another person and taken away to the house of Chowdhary, a notorious kidnapping kingpin.
Chowdhary makes a living out of demanding ransom, and it is then revealed that Viren (alias "Chotu") is Chowdhary's son. Disapproving of his father's ways, Viren left home six years ago to work in Patiala as a rickshaw driver. Bhatti comes to pay the ransom and take her home, much to the dismay of Mini, as she loves Viren and does not want to marry Sunny. Viren's family, having grown fond of her, wants him to marry Mini. Chowdhary tells him that Mini will run the family kidnapping business when he is gone. However, Viren realises he cannot allow Mini to lead such a dishonorable life and rejects the proposal. Mini assumes Viren does not love her and leaves with a broken heart. Viren has a conversation with Chowdhary, who decides to forgo his kidnapping business for the sake of his family and decides to go after Mini. Back home, Mini goes through with the wedding ceremony as per Bhatti's wishes, believing that the man with her is Sunny, but it turns out to have been Viren all along. The two drive off back to Chowdhary's house to go where they turn the kidnapping business into a reputable taxi-driving business.