The parents of Mukesh (Shadab Kamal) have just died. Mukesh is a young lad who has just finished his plus two. The boy's grandfather puts his care in charge of his most unfriendly aunt Pammi (Geeta Aggarwal Sharma). The grandfather promises to support Pammi financially for taking care of Mukesh.Mukesh, meanwhile, struggles to get on with his aunt's family who refuses to provide him pocket money for his day-to-day expenses. He tries his best to study during his 1st year B.A. course. Mukesh's 2 sisters stay with his grandfather as the family decides to pool their resources to take care of the kids.
Mukesh wanted some money to print fliers, so he could advertise himself as a tuition teacher, but his aunt refuses to give him any money even for that.Mukesh develops friendship with Johnny (Dibyendu Bhattacharya), an undertaker, in Delhi's graveyard, over the interest of playing chess. Johnny has a brother in Mauritius who has invited him to live there, but Johnny has no money to get to Mauritius. He tells Mukesh of his dream to leave the country one day.Then, Mukesh is introduced to "Sarika" auntie (Shilpa Shukla), one of the neighbors, during a kitty party in his aunt's house. Sarika's husband is Mukesh's uncle's boss at work. So, when Sarika offers to give a case of apples to Mukesh's aunt, she forces Mukesh to go over immediately to pick it up. Sarika says that she gets the apples from her brother's orchard in Shimla.
Mukesh heads over to Sarika's home on his way to college, after which he is seduced by Sarika who uses his youthful body. Sarika has sex with Mukesh on the couch in her living room. Sarika's father was in the foreign service and as a child she roamed all over the world.She pays him for his services as a gigolo and the two routinely have sex. With the money coming in, Mukesh gets his home tuition posters printed and pastes them all over the neighborhood.
Soon, Mukesh's grandfather passes away. Mukesh now constantly worries about his two sisters Chhoti (Anula Navlekar) and Sonu (Raveena Singh) who are put in a girl's home.Mukesh when questioned by his aunt about his newfound money replies that he earned it by giving tuition. Mukesh needs more money now. Sarika introduces Mukesh to many such "hungry" aunts who finally make him a male prostitute. Sarika tells Mukesh that once he has enough money, he would be able to afford to have his sisters to stay with him in their own house.The sisters have been complaining that they feel uncomfortable at the girl's home as many of them are being pressed into escort services by managers of the home. Mukesh bribes the warden of the home to leave his sisters alone.Once, Mukesh gets into a hot scene with Sarika and Sarika's husband Ashok (Rajesh Sharma) suddenly comes to know of this. Her husband then slaps and sexually assaults Sarika in front of Mukesh to show who wears the pants in the house.He complains to Mukesh' aunt that Mukesh had been seeking a loan from Sarika and tried to kiss her. This makes Mukesh's aunt throw him out of the house. Nowhere to go, Mukesh comes to Johnny's house and stays with him.Sarika refuses to stay in touch with him and makes sure that none of her female friends who were Mukesh's clients entertain him. Frustrated, Mukesh asks Johnny to visit Sarika and ask for the money she owes him. Johnny returns to say that she refused to pay and threatened to call the police. Mukesh trusts Johnny a lot.Meanwhile, Mukesh's two sisters call him and tell him that they have absconded from the orphanage due to ill-treatment from the warden. Out of desperation, Mukesh decides to offer his sexual services to men. In the process, he is sexually assaulted and beaten up by a gang.Mukesh feels betrayed by Sarika who has been the cause for his life's ruin. He barges into her home and demands money that is due to him. Sarika replies that she gave away his money to Johnny. Mukesh had asked Sarika to keep the money when he was thrown out of the house. Later Mukesh had sent Jhonny to pick the cash from Sarika as Sarika had asked Mukesh not to come to the house anymore.Mukesh refuses to believe her words. Meanwhile Ashok (Sarika's husband) arrives home, sees door locked inside. He suspects adultery and threatens to disclose her to public, if she didn't open the door. Sarika draws Mukesh closer, and she makes him stab her lightly to create the scene against Mukesh.In a state of shock, Mukesh stabs her three more times till her death in front of her husband and runs away to Johnny's house. Look puzzled at house, he could not find either johnny or his things. He calls him only to find out that Johnny has left for Mauritius using his money. Looking deceived and frustrated, he receives call from his sister to take them from railway station to home. Unable to answer, Mukesh tells her wait in the station till he arrives.On his way to station, Mukesh was seen by police. Police chase Mukesh to the top of the balcony of a building. While police caught him under gun, he receives a phone call from his sister again. With no way left, he jumps from the balcony and dies.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
The story begins with the death of the parents of Mukesh, a teenager who has just finished high school. Mukesh is put into the care of an unfriendly aunt. He struggles to get along with his aunt's family who refuses to provide him with any money. As he struggles to study in the first year of his BA, he also worries for his two sisters who have been sent to live in an orphanage for girls. Mukesh bonds with an undertaker named Johnny over their mutual love of chess. Johnny has a brother in Mauritius who has invited him to live there, but Johnny has no money to get to Mauritius. He tells Mukesh of his dream to leave the country one day.
One day Mukesh is introduced to a cougar named Sarika at a kitty party in his aunt's house. He happens to go to Sarika's home to get apples, only to be seduced by her. She pays him for his services as a gigolo and the two routinely have sex. Sarika introduces Mukesh to many older women who finally make him a male prostitute. On one occasion, Sarika's husband catches her and Mukesh trying to have sex. Her husband then slaps and rapes Sarika in front of Mukesh to show who wears the pants in the house. He lies to Mukesh's aunt that Mukesh had been seeking a loan from Sarika, and tried to kiss her. This makes Mukesh's aunt throw him out of her house.
Mukesh comes to Johnny's house and stays with him. Sarika refuses to stay in touch with him, and makes sure that none of her female friends who were Mukesh's clients entertain him. Frustrated, Mukesh asks Johnny to visit Sarika and ask for the money she owes him. Johnny returns to say that she refused to pay and threatened to call the police.
Meanwhile, Mukesh's sisters are having a hard time at the orphanage. Out of desperation, Mukesh decides to offer his sexual services to men. In the process, he is raped and beaten up by a gang.
Feeling betrayed by Sarika and holding her responsible for his misery, Mukesh barges into her home and demands the money that is due to him. Sarika says she gave the money to Johnny, but Mukesh refuses to believe her. Ashok arrives suddenly, and to prove her innocence, Sarika makes an unsuspecting Mukesh stab her lightly to make it look like he attacked her. In a state of shock, Mukesh stabs her three more times till she dies, in front of Ashok. Mukesh then runs away to Johnny's house.
Shortly, he receives a call from his sisters who have run away from the orphanage, and need his help. Mukesh realises that Sarika told the truth, and Johnny has packed up and left the country with his money. He receives another call from his sisters to pick them up at the railway station. Mukesh tells them to wait till he arrives. On his way, he is seen by the police who chase him to the top of a building's balcony. As the police point a gun at him, he gets yet another call from his sisters. Mukesh, now trapped on the balcony, jumps to his death.