Raja Mishra (Saif Ali Khan) is a small-time crook & runs into a marriage while escaping a few other goons who are after him. The bride's cousin is Rudra Tripathi (Jimmy Shergill). Rudra & Raja form a friendship and Raja revealing that he is an uninvited guest.
While in the process of seducing the Mujra dancer (Mahi Gill), Raja overhears a plot by Lallan Tiwari (Chunky Pandey) to execute everyone in the wedding upon instructions from AkhandVeer wanting to use Rudra's uncle's land for poppy farming. Raja warns everyone about the impending attack, and Raja and Rudra to fight off the attacking Lallan Tiwari's gang. Lallan manages to escape by Rudra's uncle is shot in the arm.Lallan and Akhandveer decide to eliminate both Rudra and Raja. Raja and Rudra are attacked separately, but both manage to escape. Raja and Rudra talk and realize that they are both being targeted.
Rudra's uncle Parshuram (Sharat Saxena) sees the potential in Raja and Rudra forming an alliance for offering protection to political personalities and offers them to join his gang. Not wanting to enter the world of politics, they refuse, and Rudra's uncle advises them to take refuge from Lallan's gang in jail.Lallan has aligned himself with local strongman Akhandveer (Vishwajeet Pradhan). Akhandveer & Lallan lure Parshuram out of his house (by proposing that Parshuram meet Akhandveer at Akhandveer's house for a peace treaty, and Akhandveer promising to kill Lallan as a gift to Parshuram) & kill him via a dirty bomb.
Rudra is a courier delivery man & Raja is looking for a job, so both don't have any regular incomes. & now with Rudra's uncle also out of the way, they find themselves in a very vulnerable position, with no political savior.
In jail, Raja and Rudra meet Shirivastav Ji (Vipin Sharma) - a political advisor having knowledge of everything happening in Uttar Pradesh politics. He arranges for Raja and Rudra to leave jail and avenge the death of Rudra's uncle by killing Lallan, while Lallan was on a jungle safari in the local forest. Their success creates news in political circles, and Shirivastav advises them to join hands with Ram Babu Shukla in order to take revenge against AkhandVeer.
Ram Babu is the biggest opposition leader in the current political circles. Ram Babu wants to eliminate minister Nathu Ram. Sumer is Ram Babu's trusted assassin, but the police is after him and hence he is pretending to be insane to escape arrest.They start working for Ram Babu Shukla (Raj Babbar), a bigger local politician. They conduct a daring raid to eliminate a long-standing political rival of Ram Babu & in turn Ram Babu allows them all protection against taking out Akhandveer, which they do at a railway crossing. Ram Babu fires his regular sharpshooter, Sumer (Ravi Kishan) as he now has Rudra and Raja to his jobs for him. This angers Sumer.
Under Ram Babu's protection, Rudra and Raja rise exponentially. They become major players in the UP political circles, and this irks Sumer who bides his time on the sidelines.As Raja & Rudra take on more responsibility, Ram Babu sends them as his representative to a meeting organized by businessman Bajaj (Gulshan Grover) to split the illicit drugs business of Akhandveer in UP. Ram Babu had explicitly asked Raja and Rudra to keep quiet during the meeting. But Raja got over excited and started introducing himself to the other politicians attending the meeting. Bajaj insults Raja & Rudra in that meeting & they kidnap Bajaj (Gulshan Grover) and a girl named Mitali (Sonakshi Sinha) when Bajaj goes to have sex with her in a hotel room the next day. But Mithali is only there for a supposed film role audition. They release Bajaj after a ransom payment of Rs 5 Crores. Mithali pleads with them to accompany her as she doesn't know anyone in the city. Raja & Rudra take her to their home.Raja falls in love with Mitali. One day while Raja is getting his sister's engagement done, Bajaj arrives at their house with Sumer Yadav (Ravi Kishan), who has aligned himself with Bajaj and kills Rudra.
Raja wants to kill Bajaj, but Ram Babu tells him to wait for the right time politically. Raja suspects that Ram Babu doesn't want Bajaj out of the way for his own interests.
Raja takes his revenge by killing Bajaj publicly. The political lobby turns against Raja as Bajaj was the financier to all political parties (ruling and opposition) in the state. But no-one in the administration is willing to take on Raja as he enjoys Brahmin & Muslim support in the community.A police officer from Chambal Arun Singh Munna (Vidyut Jamwal) to catch Raja arrives. To maintain communal peace Ram Babu hatches a plan which will see all 3 Sumer, Raja & Arun eliminated in a fake encounter.
Raja meanwhile moves to Kolkata with Mitali, where their romance furthers.
Upon returning from Kolkata, Raja finds Sumer and kills him in front of Arun, and in the following fight, he spares Arun's life.
A mole in Raja's gang (Gaurav Dixit), ordered by Shukla, plots to kill Raja. According to the plan, Arun will kill Raja in a fake encounter, but then the mole will kill Arun to appease the youth that supports Raja. Raja finds out about the plan and reveals it to Arun.
Together, they kill the mole and fake Raja's death. In the end, it shows Raja leaving with Mitali for a new life, and Arun is also shown to be leaving with them.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Raja Mishra (Saif Ali Khan) gatecrashes into a marriage while trying to escape from a brawl. The bride's cousin, Rudra Tripathi (Jimmy Sheirgill), and Raja form a friendship, with Raja revealing that he is an uninvited guest. While in the process of seducing the mujra dancer, Raja overhears a plot by Lallan Tiwari (Chunky Pandey) to execute everyone in the wedding upon instructions from Akhand Vir (Vishwajeet Pradhan) wanting to use Rudra's uncle's land for poppy farming. Raja warns everyone about the impending attack, and Raja and Rudra fight off the attacking Lallan Tiwari's gang. Rudra's uncle (Sharat Saxena) sees the potential in Raja and Rudra forming an alliance for offering protection to political personalities and offers them to join his gang. Not wanting to enter the world of politics, they refuse, and Rudra's uncle advises them to take refuge from Lallan's gang in jail. In a later incident, Rudra's uncle is killed by the Akhand Vir with the help of Lallan Singh.
In jail, Raja and Rudra meet Shirivastav Ji, a political advisor with knowledge of everything happening in Uttar Pradesh politics. He arranges for Raja and Rudra to leave jail and avenge the death of Rudra's uncle by killing Lallan. Their success creates news in political circles, and Shirivastav advises them to join hands with Ram Babu Shukla in order to take revenge against the Akhand Vir.
They start working for Ram Babu Shukla (Raj Babbar), a politician, and in the process kill the Akhand Vir, gaining credibility and support in the political circles, which brings them fortune and fame amongst youth. Their friendship and partnership are the talk of the town, making the otherwise preferred hitman Sumer Yadav rendering useless.
While representing Ram Babu Shukla in an important meeting, Raja and Rudra are insulted by Bajaj (Gulshan Grover). In order to teach him a lesson, Raja and Rudra kidnap Bajaj while he is in the process of pretend interviewing a girl named Mitali (Sonakshi Sinha) for the role of an actress. They extort money from Bajaj, and in the process, Raja started to develop feelings for Mitali. On the advice of Shukla, Raja, Rudra, and Mitali, go to Mumbai until matters settle and avoid any attacked from Bajaj. Raja proposes to Mitali, and Rudra approves of their relationship. Later they return to UP, and while Raja is getting his sister's engagement done, Bajaj arrives at their house with a shooter, Sumer Yadav (Ravi Kishan), and kills Rudra.
Raja takes his revenge by killing Bajaj, which turns all political and business fraternity against him. They all want him dead in order to gain Bajaj's money, which is needed to fund their election campaigns but is being held by Shirivastav. They plot to kill him by appointing a police officer from Chambal, Arun Singh Munna (Vidyut Jammwal). Raja meanwhile moves to Kolkata with Mitali, where their romance furthers. Upon returning from Kolkata, Raja finds Sumer and kills him in front of Arun, and in the following fight, he spares Arun's life. A mole in Raja's gang (Gaurav Dixit), ordered by Shukla, plots to kill Raja. According to the plan, Arun will kill Raja, but then the mole will kill Arun to appease the youth that supports Raja. Raja finds out about the plan and reveals it to Arun. Together, they kill the mole and fake Raja's death. In the end, it shows Raja leaving with Mitali for a new life, and Arun is also shown to be leaving with them.