Sukhi (Tushar Kappor)'s father Baweja Ji (Yogendra Tikku) is tricked by Sabharwal (Ravi Kishen) (a local politician) off his 15 Crore rupees belonging to the investors who have Invested in Baweja Ji's Bank. The investors file a FIR against Baweja resulting in Baweja's arrest and along with him his assistant Saira is also arrested. Baweja can't handle this humiliation and dies due to Cardiac arrest. Saira, who was also Mintoo's wife, was imprisoned.
As such, Sukhi and his family were ordered by the court to pay the investors their money back.Now Sukhi, his mother Jasbeer aka Mummyji (Dolly Alluwalia), Saira's Husband Mintoo Hasan (Vinay Pathak) and Ballu (Ranveer Shorey) (Sukhi's assistant) must somehow return the money to the investors to save Baweja's name and to free Saira. They device various plans to fool Sabharwal & his friends/allies and strategically loot back the investors money.Sukhi & team runs a local expose cum sting operation on corrupt individuals for his local new channel, which is hosted on cable TV by his mother Dolly. He uses the expose to extort money from corrupt people in influential jobs.Sukhi applies for admission for his son, Kabootar (Husaan Saad), to a school. However, Principal Sethi (Rammakant Daayama) refuses to do so as Sukhi's son both has bad grades and is playing with a PSP even during the interview. But, to get admission, Sukhi bribes Principal Sethi, to which he gives positive responses. But, when Suki moves his tie sideways, Principal Sethi can see the attached transmitter. It is revealed that Ballu and Sukhi were conducting a sting operation on the principal and that the PSP Kabootar was holding was in reality a camera recording the whole interview in high definition. Sukhi threatens to hand the recording right to the media, and if Principal Sethi wanted to happen otherwise, he was to pay the amount of 3 Crores to Sukhi and Ballu.As per their instructions, Sethi keeps the suitcase with money in the decided area and goes to collect the PSP. However, he is horrified to find a movie clip on the PSP, implying that they had fooled him and that they were going to publish the disreputable recording anyway. But, when he rushes to take the suitcase, a police car pulls over, and police officer Mintoo Hasan takes the suitcase, saying that it was one of the many suitcases in the area that were bearing bombs.
It is revealed that Mintoo was a dupe police officer and that he is in cahoots with Sukhi and Ballu. Sethi is a known friend and confidant of Sabharwal.Sabharwal had duped Baweja because he wanted the 15 Crores as dowry money for his daughter, whom he is marrying to a richer & bigger politician Kapoor, whose sister is about to become a cabinet minister. Sabharwal's assistant is a well meaning man by the name of Sudhir Bagga (Brijendra Kala). Bagga is forced to play mute spectator to Sabharwal's ill treatment of himself and others, but he does not like it.
Sukhi starts dating Manpreet (Vishakha Singh) from the colony. Manpreet is also the choreographer for Sabharwal's daughter's wedding. Sabharwal has an evil eye on Manpreet.Sukhi & team bug Sabharwal's office & tape him making a scheme to manufacture & sell fake milk in Delhi. Sukhi team decide to raid the offices to extract money. Sabharwal is unwilling to fight this battle as he fears that surfacing of this scam will taint his image in front of Kapoor & will have damaging effect on the wedding.
Mrs. Baweja and Mintoo dress as food inspectors and barge into Sabharwal's milk factory, which, as they had recently found out, supplied adulterated and fake products. Using this excuse, along with high complexity, they arrive at Sabharwal's friend's house, from where they try to steal the fridge, which they knew to be filled with the same 15 Crores.
But Sukhi and team have a narrow escape when Sabharwal almost finds out their identity. They resort to just leaving the refrigerator and running away on the sudden and unanticipated arrival of Sabharwal.With the help of Manpreet, Sukhi & team plan the final caper as the deadline for returning the bank investor money looms on their head. Sukhi registers a catering company. Manpreet uses her proximity to Sabharwal to convince him that the catering arrangements for the wedding are not up to scratch & convinces him to hire Modern Caterers (the company registered by Sukhi). Bagga is impressed with how Sukhi & Ballu treat their catering staff with humility & respect.Bagga is humiliated by Sabharwal in front of Manpreet and other staff members & feels hurt. Bagga opens up to Sukhi over a glass of drinks.
Sukhi & Ballu are not able to locate Sabharwal's house safe despite numerous attempts.Now Dolly comes in the open posing as a rich industrial tycoon by the name of Mrs Hansal. She moves HQ to a 7 star hotel where Kapoor (Nikhil Pandey) & his son Ankur are having lunch. Hansal dazzles the Kapoors with her wealth & generosity. She says she recognizes Ankur as an upcoming movie start & that her daughter is a big fan of him. When informed that Ankur is marrying Sabharwal's daughter, Hansal drops hints that Sabharwal is a defaulter in payments to the Hansal group. Ankur wanted the 15 Crore in dowry to launch his movie & now feels insecure that Sabharwal will refuse to pay the money at the altar. Kapoor calls Sabharwal & forces him to take the money from the safe-house & get in into the wedding house.While the wedding is going on, Sukhi & team steal the money & return it to the bank investors. Then a call is made to Ankur, telling him that the money is gone. Kaur & Ankur insult Sabharwal in front of the entire wedding party for trying to defraud them. Thats when Dolly, Sukhi & team reveal themselves & Sabharwal realizes that he has been taken for a ride. Bagga is revealed to have helped the team in stealing the money & returning to investors. Sabharwal loses his mind & decides to shoot everyone, but his daughter steps in between & tells him that Sabharwal has lost all respect in her eyes. Sabharwal used to dote on his daughter & is devastated by this declaration. He is imprisoned for 7 years jail.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
The movie begins with Sukhmeet (Sukhi) (Tusshar Kapoor) applying for admission for his son, Kabootar, to a school. However, Principal Sethi (Rammakant Daayama) refuses to do so as Sukhi's son both has bad grades and is playing with a PSP even during the interview. But, to get admission, Sukhi bribes Principal Sethi, to which he gives positive responses. But, when Suki moves his tie sideways, Principal Sethi can see the attached transmitter. It is revealed that Ballu (Ranvir Shorey) and Sukhi were conducting a sting operation on the principal and that the PSP Kabootar was holding was in reality a camera recording the whole interview in high definition. Sukhi threatens to hand the recording right to the media, and if Principal Sethi wanted to happen otherwise, he was to pay the amount of 3 crores to Sukhi and Ballu.
As per their instructions, Sethi keeps the suitcase with money in the decided area and goes to collect the PSP. However, he is horrified to find a movie clip on the PSP, implying that they had fooled him and that they were going to publish the disreputable recording anyway. But, when he rushes to take the suitcase, a police car pulls over, and police officer Mintu Hasan (Vinay Pathak) takes the suitcase, saying that it was one of the many suitcases in the area that were bearing bombs.
Shortly after, it is revealed that Mintu was a dupe police officer and that he is in cahoots with Sukhi and Ballu. Then, a flashback is shown, revealing that Sukhi's father, Mr. Baweja (Yogendra Tikku), was an honest man working at a bank, and his wicked boss, Mohanlal Sabharwal (Ravi Kishan), had swindled 15 crores from innocent people and framed Mr. Baweja and his assistant, Saira, for it. Mr. Baweja had died of cardiac arrest, meanwhile Saira, who was also Mintu's wife, was imprisoned. As such, Sukhi and his family were ordered by the court to pay the investors their money back. It is also revealed that the school they had looted was owned by Sabharwal.
According to their next strategy, Mrs. Baweja and Mintu dress as food inspectors and barge into Sabharwal's milk factory, which, as they had recently found out, supplied adulterated and ingenuine products. Using this excuse, along with high complexity, they arrive at Sabharwal's friend's house, from where they try to steal the fridge, which they knew to be filled with the same 15 crores, but resort to just leaving the refrigerator and running away on the sudden and unanticipated arrival of Sabharwal.
As per their last plan, Sukhi's girlfriend Manpreet (Vishakha Singh), posing as a dance trainer, goes to Sabbarwahl's house to spy on him. They soon come to know that Sabbarwahl, busy preparing for his daughter's wedding, has promised to pay 15 crore to her in-laws, the Kapoors. Meanwhile, Mummyji and Mintoo, disguised as Hansal builders, instigate the Kapoors against Sabbarwahl. Finally, on the wedding night, Sukhi and Ballu dressed as caterers sneak into Sabbarwahl's farmhouse and hide all the money in gift packs. Sabbarwahl unknowingly distributes all the money hidden in gift boxes to guests who were actually the investors. Knowing the truth about Sukhi and the group, Sabbarwahl attacks them with a gun, only to be confronted by his own daughter. Sabbarwahl confesses to his crime and is later jailed for seven years, which completes the revenge of the Baweja family.