Romesh (Arjun Mathur) was a young medical intern who dared to dream. He was in awe of Dr. Asthana (Kay Kay Menon), the Chief of Surgery of the Shekhawat General Hospital. All he wanted was to be like him. He lived with Dr Riya (Vishakha Singh), his co-intern and the love of his life.
All high profile cases of the city are brought to Asthana and his skill in the operating theater is legendary. Asthana knows that he is the best general surgeon of the country and has a touch of arrogance about him. Asthana berates Romesh for even minor mistakes or hesitation inside the Operating Theater.
Shekhawat Awasthi (Harsh Chhaya) is the owner of the hospital, who gets funds in Asthana's name.However, when an eight-year-old boy, Ankur (Vishesh Tiwari) dies due to Dr. Asthana's medical negligence, Romesh realizes that a good surgeon is not necessarily a good person. Ankur was brought with abdominal pain which Romesh diagnoses as appendicitis. Romesh is confident that Ankur can be operated upon in 1 day and sent on his way, but Asthana makes Ankur stay in hospital for 2 extra days, citing that OT is not available (while it was). He chides Romesh that hospital is a business as well.Ankur came to the hospital with his mother Nandita. Nandita is a single mother after her husband abandoned her. Nandita works for Ajay Shetty (Sachin Khurana), who is also her friend. Nandita feels bad as Ankur had been complaining of stomach pain for a few hours, but she thought that Ankur was making an excuse to skip school.Asthana orders a battery of tests on Ankur to confirm Romesh's diagnosis. Romesh is also angry at Riya for not standing up to Asthana. Riya says that there is no point in fighting a battle that they cannot win and advises Romesh to let the matter go.Nandita is given a list of surgical items to purchase. Ankur was alone in the room when Nandita went to the pharmacy. During that brief period, Ankur ate something, even though he was under strict instructions to be empty stomach for the surgery.On the day of the operation Ankur tells the nurse Rosina (Khushboo Kamal) that he had some biscuits. Rosina informs Asthana, but Asthana ignores her concerns and decides to go ahead with the operation. Asthana argues that there is a huge list of operations scheduled and hence he cannot delay the surgery and promises to clean up Ankur's stomach before the surgery.Asthana forgets to clean up Ankur's stomach prior to the operation as he was distracted when Rosina was talking to him and was talking to someone on the phone.
The operation goes off, but just afterwards Ankur starts vomiting & shortly thereafter goes into coma by suffocating in his own vomit. Asthana admits his mistake in front of the operating theatre staff but threatens their careers if they don't cooperate with him. Asthana asks Riya to inform Ankur's family.
Riya tells Nandita that during surgery Ankur's lungs collapsed and he had to be put on a ventilator as he went into coma.Romesh finds Riya crying alone and tries to comfort her, but she doesn't say anything. Romesh then finds that Ankur had slipped into coma during surgery.Asthana then changes nurse Rosina's report to say that Ankur had food 9 hours before the surgery, by turning her 1 into a 9. Asthana says that he is only trying to protect the reputation of the hospital. He pays Rosina money to keep her mouth shut and leave town.
Romesh goes into Ankur's room when he is alone and finds traces of vomit in Ankur's hair. Romesh starts suspecting foul play but can't find Rosina to cross check his hypothesis. Romesh confronts Riya, who breaks down, but doesn't admit anything. Romesh questions Riya that if Ankur's lung collapsed, he should have been given Bronchoscopy and not antibiotics. Romesh yells at Riya to admit that Ankur vomited during surgery, but she sticks to the official story.Romesh begs Asthana to admit his guilt in private to Ankur's mother. Asthana promises to destroy Romesh's career. Riya refuses to cooperate with Romesh's crusade for truth.
Romesh goes alone to Ankur's mother & admits the truth. She decides to hire a lawyer & sue the hospital.
Together with Ankur's mother Nandita (Tisca Chopra), and lawyer Kajori (Paoli Dam), Dr Romesh sets out on a turbulent journey to fight for what is right.It turns out that Nandita's lawyer Kajori is the mistress of Asthana's lawyer & both intend to milk this situation to the fullest to further their own careers and bank balances. Kajori falls pregnant during the trial and Asthana's lawyer Rajiv Mallani (Manish Choudhary) advises abortion.Romesh is perplexed that Kajori is not attacking Asthana directly during her statements in court. She is trying to prove hospital's negligence. Romesh spots them together, and with Nandita, he goes to her house, only to find her lying ill due to the abortion pill. They take her to the hospital and save her life, and Kajori promises them that she will fight for Ankur.It turns out that all the necessary evidence against Dr. Viren Asthana is destroyed or literally snatched. Dr. Riya, who witnesses the operation, and Rosina D'Costa (Khushboo Kamal), a ward nurse in the hospital who had informed Dr. Asthana about Ankur eating some biscuits before the operation, also lie in court.The next day Riya goes to Dr. Viren Asthana to sign for leave. She tells him that she lied and cheated with the credibility of her profession, and her self-respect is questioning her. A heated argument between her and Dr. Asthana follows in which Dr. Asthana labels himself as the god who should be forgiven for the mistake he has done.It is revealed in the hospital the next day that Riya had actually shot the confession outburst by Dr. Viren Asthana on her mobile and presented it to the court. The case ends in their favor, and Dr. Viren Asthana gets arrested. In the last scene, Romesh and Riya reunite, and Nandita is shown remembering her memories with Ankur.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Dr. Romesh Sharma is a young medical intern who dares to dream. He is in awe of Dr. Viren Asthana, the Chief Surgeon of the Shekhawat General Hospital. All he wants is to be like him. He lives with Dr. Riya Srivastava, his co-intern and the love of his life.
However, when an eight-year-old boy, Ankur Arora (Vishesh Tiwari), dies due to Dr. Asthana's medical negligence, Romesh realises that a good surgeon is not necessarily a good person.
Together with Ankur's mother, Nandita Arora, Nandita's friend, Ajay Shetty, their lawyer, Kajori Sen, and Dr. Romesh, they set out on a turbulent journey to fight for what is right. A fight for justice against his mentor, the hospital, and the love of his life, who is initially against him for the fear of ruining her career and future. It is revealed that Kajori is in a relationship with her opposing lawyer, who tells her to keep the case hanging and only blame the hospital overall, not Dr. Asthana specifically. She does the same in the court but soon finds that she is pregnant with his child. As she informs him, he orders her to abort the baby. Romesh spots them together, and with Nandita, he goes to her house, only to find her lying ill due to the abortion pill. They take her to the hospital, and she promises them that she will fight for Ankur. It turns out that all the necessary evidence against Dr. Viren Asthana is destroyed or literally snatched. Dr. Riya, who witnesses the operation, and Rosina D'Costa (Khushboo Kamal), a ward nurse in the hospital who had informed Dr. Asthana about Ankur eating some biscuits before the operation, also lie in court. The next day Riya goes to Dr. Viren Asthana to sign for leave. She tells him that she lied and cheated with the credibility of her profession, and her self-respect is questioning her. A heated argument between her and Dr. Asthana follows in which Dr. Asthana labels himself as the god who should be forgiven for the mistake he has done. It is revealed in the hospital the next day that Riya had actually shot the confession outburst by Dr. Viren Asthana on her mobile and presented it to the court. The case ends in their favour, and Dr. Viren Asthana gets arrested. In the last scene, Romesh and Riya reunite, and Nandita is shown remembering her memories with Ankur.