The film opens in UK where Colonel Viren Nanda (Jimmy Shergill) goes to meet a wanted terrorist Omar Zafar (Danny Denzongpa) in his holding cell. As Viren informs Zaffar that he will be extradited back to India for his crimes as per a new extradition treaty that India is signing with friendly nations, Zafar's men enter his holding cell, lead by Hamid Gul (Jaaved Jaffrey), murdering all guards around them, with Zaffar then murdering Viren by shooting him and then burning him. As Zaffar escapes in a helicopter waiting on the roof, he puts a $5 million reward for someone to steal the Koh-i-Noor diamond from the Tower of London, but with one condition - the thief must be Indian, in order to hold up a new extradition treaty between India and UK.Soon after, a man named Rajveer Nanda (Hrithik Roshan) steals it, and when Zaffar's men are informed of the theft, they travel to Rajveer in Shimla for the deal. Although they initially travel with the $5 million reward, Rajveer informs them that he now wants $20 million for the deal. Following the disdain of the comment made by Rajveer, a fight breaks out between Rajveer and Zaffar's men after which Rajveer flies away. After Rajveer escapes, a CCTV footage of him is captured, showing that he is in Shimla which makes the Indian Govt to devote its ISS forces to recover the Kohinoor to save the extradition treaty.Following Rajveer's escape, he sees Harleen (Katrina Kaif) sitting in a restaurant, who is there waiting for her internet date, "Vickie", to show up. Rajveer enters the restaurant posing as "Vickie" and woos her over. He convinces Harleen to use the bathroom and whilst she is in there, Rajveer fights the remaining men (who followed him to the restaurant from the location of the failed negotiation) and leaves the restaurant, much to the dismay of Harleen. As she drives home, Harleen accidentally runs over Rajveer, who asks her to stitch up a gunshot wound sustained during the fight. Rajveer then gives Harleen drugged water, with her complying with what he says about the government officials, informing her about where to find guns underneath car seats and what they will say about him.The next day, the government officials with Zorawar (Pawan Malhotra) visit Harleen at her bank and threaten her to come with them. They tell her that if she does not accompany them, then they will reveal everything to her colleagues. Harleen decides to go with them to the police station. In the car, Zorawar tells her that they are not going to the station but they are taking her to a "mehfooz" (safe) place instead. Harleen remembers about the gun that Rajveer had told her. She engages the other official in small talk and finds the gun. She threatens both the officers to stop the car and let her go. At the same time, Rajveer appears on a bike and a chase sequence ensues. Both Rajveer and Harleen find a car and escape. When Rajveer goes out to shoot the goons, Harleen escapes and then bumps into her boss, Karan. She tells him about Rajveer and how random people are firing at her. Rajveer follows her. Karan tries to protect Harleen from Rajveer. He annoys Rajveer and gets shot by him in the leg. Harleen is exasperated but leaves with Rajveer again lest he shoots any more people.In the car, Harleen and Rajveer get into an argument. Harleen states that she wants to go home and that she did a huge mistake by trusting him. Rajveer angrily decides to let Harleen go and hands over the car keys to her. He tells her that he has no other motive then protecting her. She feels guilty and decides to stick to him. They begin to drive again in silence. Rajveer checks a location on his phone which Harleen notices. He then tells her that he has not killed an innocent person before this and does not want her to die. He tries to convince her to come with him for dinner.They go to Pizza Hut where Rajveer realizes that he has no money to buy food. Harleen eventually pays for the pizza. Harleen asks him about the crime that he has committed and Rajveer shows her the Koh-i-Noor much to her surprise. She has a hard time believing that he is indeed a thief. As she comes to know about Rajveer, they realize that they were followed by Zorawar who says he has the restaurant surrounded with his men and will not be afraid to shoot Rajveer if needed to. As the officials convince Harleen to go with them, Rajveer tells Harleen that he cannot let her go with them. He shoots her with a tranquilizer dart and they both jump out of a window and escape.Harleen slips in and out of consciousness as Rajveer continues to take her to safety. She wakes up in a beach shack wearing a bikini top and hot pants. She angrily asks Rajveer as to who changed her clothes and he confesses that he did it. She is irked beyond words. She beats him and bites his hand. Harleen then takes Rajveer's phone to call her grandmother, unbeknownst to her it allows the Government officials to track their position. After a shootout occurs between Rajveer and the Government officials, he escapes with Harleen with a help of a sea bob and a fly board.Harleen wakes up the next morning in Prague. As Rajveer was able to successfully lead the escape of them both, Harleen now entrusts Rajveer, subsequently falling in love with him. Rajveer when goes out of his hotel with Harleen, he sees that they are wanted by INTERPOL .Some policemen come at the moment and Rajveer kisses Harleen .Rajveer tracks Hamid Gul at a casino. Although he was to go alone, Harleen insists to take her along, to which he agrees. Staging a ploy for Gul's attention, Harleen and Gul meet in the hallway, who tells her that a romantic candlelit champagne drink is waiting for her on the roof of the casino. Following this, Rajveer visits Gul at the top of the casino, a fight ensues regarding the whereabouts of Zaffar and he ultimately kills Gul. In the meantime Harleen is caught by Zorawar and is taken to the Indian Embassy in Prague, where Zorawar says that Rajveer actually came to Prague to find Gul. Harleen is asked to get the Koh-i-Noor back. That night, the two meet on a bridge, where Harleen says that the trust between them is broken. Rajveer activates the tracking device himself, allowing the officials to surround them. Rajveer gives the Koh-i-Noor to Harleen and jumps from the bridge and is assumed dead.Harleen then returns home and remembers an address that Rajveer had listed on his phone. At the address, Harleen meets Rajveer's father (Kanwaljit Singh) and his mother (Deepti Naval). At the house, Harleen sees photos of Rajveer (Jai) and Viren, who are later revealed to be brothers and Rajveer's mother revealing their back stories. Although it is confirmed that Viren was murdered, Rajveer's father says that he does not believe the story the Army told him, saying that Rajveer had drowned despite being a swimming champion in his youth, he was the only student who was able to cross the lake in only one breath. On her way home, Harleen is kidnapped by Zaffar, who knows that the diamond was a fake. Zorawar is then revealed to be Zaffar's right-hand man, and gives Harleen a truth-revealing drug to reveal the location of the real diamond. Harleen tells that Rajveer would have survived and is coming to kill Zaffar. Rajveer, silently kills every guard posted outside and places time bombs in every corner and enters the room. Zaffar then orders his men to beat Rajveer but before Zaffar is able to kill him Rajveer informs that the Koh-i-Noor was not stolen at all and it was a joint operation between MI6 and the Indian Secret Service to get Zaffar. The time bombs go off and destroys the castle. But Zaffar manages to escape and captures Harleen again, after making Rajveer crash. As they escape with her, Rajveer follows them with a F1 car and catches up to them. Zaffar enters a flight with Harleen. Killing the rest of Zaffar's men including Zorawar, Rajveer shoots at the flight blades evidently grounding the plane. Rajveer soon boards the plane and a final bout takes place between him and Zafar. After throwing him to the flames, Rajveer frees Harleen. When they are escaping from the aircraft, Zaffar emerges from the flames again and shoots Rajveer. Rajveer pushes Harleen out of the aircraft and a second bullet hits him. He then grabs the ax and charges towards Zaffar and kills him. When the aircraft is about to explode, he jumps out.
He looses consciousness and is about to drown when Harleen grabs his hand. The authorities air lift an injured and unconscious Rajveer and Harleen.Rajveer then wakes up in hospital, where his boss is sitting across him waiting for him to wake up. He congratulates Rajveer for successfully completing the mission. He rues about the fact that his brother was murdered and that his parents will never get to see him again. Also, he informs Rajveer that Harleen has been sent back to her home and he has to forget about her because she can become a threat to his life and also his weakness. Rajveer is also told that he will be shifted to a safe facility the next day. After the chief leaves, a nurse arrives and gives Rajveer a medicine to drink. As soon as Rajveer gulps down the medicine, he feels giddy and asks the nurse about it. The nurse turns around and removes her mask revealing that she is actually Harleen and the medicine is a sedative meant to knock Rajveer out. A surprised Rajveer tries to say her name but Harleen asks him to keep quiet. Rajveer faints and Harleen escapes from the hospital along with him. He continues to slip in and out of consciousness until the next morning. He wakes up and Harleen tells him that his "ek din"(some day) has arrived. Rajveer realizes that she has brought him to his house. He silently thanks her, and they both meet his parents.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
After a treaty between India and UK to expedite extradition of Omar Zafar, a notorious terrorist, to India is passed, Col. Viren Nanda gets killed and is burnt alive by Omar in London during his escape from prison. Omar gets escorted by his trusted lieutenant Hamid Gul and declares US$5 million reward for an Indian thief to steal the Koh-i-Noor.
Rajveer Nanda, a mysterious person, steals the Koh-i-Noor and demands US$20 million when Zafar and Gul aim to retrieve it. After a subsequent brawl with Gul's men at a local restaurant in Shimla, Rajveer visits a restaurant and meets Harleen Sahni, a bank receptionist who dreams of finding true love and adventure in life. Harleen is waiting for her blind internet date Vickie Kapoor. Rajveer assumes the date and the pair fall for each other, but is forced to abandon her after being found by Gul's men. Harleen leaves upon learning the truth and seeing the real Vickie who admits to his car and phone failing him, but on her way back home, she bumps into Rajveer again, and he seeks her help to remove a bullet. Before leaving, Rajveer drugs her with sedative water and informs her of scare tactics that some law enforcement officials will try and coerce her into working against him.
Rajveer's prediction comes true as two government agents Zorawar Kalra and his informer, Inspector Bhola implore Harleen to travel with them to the police station, but instead head for a safe place. Taking note of Rajveer's instructions, Harleen finds a pistol and holds them at gunpoint. Rajveer arrives and the pair escapes, but they meet Harleen's manager Karan Saxena, who is shot in the leg by Rajveer. Harleen demands that she return home and tells that she made a huge mistake by trusting Rajveer, which leads to an argument over their loyalties, but Harleen eventually decides to stay upon realizing that he truly intends to protect her and proceeds to accompany him. During a visit to a Pizza Hut outlet, Rajveer reveals that he stole the Koh-i-Noor, much to Harleen's surprise, and the pair are immediately confronted by Zorawar and his team.
Rajveer tranquilizes Harleen and escapes with her. Harleen wakes up at a beach after an unknown period on the run. When Harleen takes Rajveer's phone to call her grandmother, the government officials and Gul's men, led by Gul's lieutenant Robert, tracks them down and a shootout ensues, which forces the duo to escape again after eliminating the officials and Robert's henchmen. Harleen wakes up the following morning in Prague, where she regains her faith in Rajveer after recognising his efforts in leading the escape. Later, they track Gul to a casino and after a plot involving Harleen, Rajveer ultimately kills Gul. Harleen is taken to the Indian Embassy, where she meets Zorawar and his boss, Internal Secret Services Chief Narayanan as he gives her a tracking device to pinpoint Rajveer's location and retrieve the Koh-i-Noor.
After another argument on a bridge as they try to escape, Rajveer activates the tracking device and gives the Koh-i-Noor to Harleen, where he gets shot while jumping off the bridge. Harleen returns home and reunites with her grandmother, but begins to miss Rajveer; in a moment of epiphany, Harleen locates his house and meets Rajveer's father Pankaj and his mother Shikha by posing as a delivery runner for Pankaj's book order. A tense moment results in Harleen trying to leave suddenly when she soon bumps into photographs of Rajveer, who is revealed by Shikha to be Jaiwant "Jai" Nanda, Viren's brother; while Viren's murder is confirmed, Pankaj refuses to accept the army's version of the story behind Jai's death as he pinpoints to a swimming championship trophy he had won in his young days, being the only person who was able to cross the lake in just one breath.
Immediately outside her home, Harleen is kidnapped and taken to the interior of a desert castle, where she meets Zafar, who reveals that the surrendered diamond is a fake, while Zorawar turns out to be Zafar's informer. Zorawar gives Harleen a truth serum in an attempt to find the location of the real diamond, but she deduces that Rajveer is alive and is arriving to kill Zafar and his men. At the same time, Rajveer, who was assumed dead, plants time bombs and silently eliminates Zafar's henchmen, who have been posted outside the castle. Inside the castle, Rajveer confronts Zafar, revealing that the Koh-i-Noor was not stolen at all and that it was a joint operation between the MI6 and the ISS to apprehend Zafar. Rajveer reveals that he intends to avenge Viren's death by killing Zafar.
As the time bombs destroying the castle start going off, Zafar escapes with his remaining men while Rajveer escapes with Harleen, saving her all along. However, Zafar later blocks the duo, where he takes Harleen hostage and leaves with her on a seaplane. Enraged, Rajveer eventually catches up, shooting down the seaplane to the ground and ultimately Zorawar in the process. Following an intense confrontation, Rajveer kills Zafar after pushing Harleen out of the burning aircraft and jumps out of the seaplane, which explodes seconds after Zafar's death. Rajveer loses consciousness and starts to drown, but is saved by Harleen as army officers airlift the duo.
Rajveer wakes up in a hospital and is informed by Narayanan, revealed to be his real boss, that he will not be allowed to see Harleen or his own family. Posing as a nurse, Harleen administers a sedative, knocking Rajveer out, and the pair escapes. After an unknown period on the run, Rajveer reunites with his parents and finally introduces Harleen to them.