CBI Officer Arun Roy (Adil Hussain) interrogates Inspector Bagulla, who is now in police custody. Arun wants to know about Kaanchi. Arun wants to know about the woman who jolted the entire power system in the city of Mumbai. Arun promises leniency in sentencing for Bagulla if he cooperates. The whole story is then revealed in flashback.Kaanchi (Mishti) is an innocent girl who grew up in a village Koshampa (state Uttarakhand) of retired army men. Inspector Bagulla (Chandan Roy Sanyal), used to be her childhood friend, but moved to Mumbai 7 years ago. Binda (Kartik Aaryan) is a young boy who runs a fitness camp in the village. Kaanchi & Binda flirt with each other. Kaanchi is portrayed to be headstrong & fearless.
Kaanchi lives with her mother (Natasha Rastogi) and sister. Kaanchi has a quick temper and does not shy away from fighting for her rights.Binda plays a prank on Kaanchi when he proposes her marriage to a fat person from another village. Kaanchi is livid and has an accident while riding her bike really fast down the side of a mountain and hurts herself.
Kaanchi only listens to Binda's father Subedaar (Anil Charanjeett), who assures her that Binda loves her.Jumar Kakra (Rishi Kapoor) is a property developer, who wants to convert the village into a resort, and is forcing people to sell their land with connivance of local police led by Inspector Bhaagwat (Naresh Gosain). Jumar wants to complete his project within 1 year. Binda is one of the people who is being forced to sell his land to Jumar's project and he refuses.Soon this escalates into a political issue as the opposition gets wind of Jumar's plan and calls it a scam. This requires the intervention of Jumar's elder brother Shyam (Mithun Chakraborty), who is a politician himself. Shyam, Jumar & Shyam's son Sushant (Rishabh Sinha) descend on the valley to promote their project. In public rally, Shyam positions the resort as a way to develop the entire valley.Sushant accidentally meets Kaanchi & has a crush on her. Sushant offers Kaanchi Rs 1000/day to act as his tourist guide, as a way of spending some alone time with her. Soon, Sushant starts loving Kaanchi and wants to make her his own. Sushant kisses Kaanchi, but she goes back home, too stunned to respond.Binda gets involved in a fight to organize the villagers against Kakra's plan. Binda & Kaanchi declare their love for one another & decide to get married. Sushant gets obsessed with Kaanchi, but she starts to ignore him. Sushant feels humiliated in front of his friends and confronts Kaanchi at her home, in front of her family. Sushant is beaten up by Binda, when he tries to force her.
Shyam brings Binda to a public hearing and Binda refuses to apologize even challenges Shyam over the resort project. Shyam allows Binda to leave, which makes Jumar livid.
Jumar then goads Sushant into taking revenge for his humiliation. In retaliation, Sushant kills Binda in front of Kaanchi, before they can get married. Sushant mows down Binda with a lorry, while Binda and Kaanchi were doing a Pre-wedding photo shoot.Shyam asks Jumar & Sushant to leave the village and asks the local police to register an FIR only for an accidental death, not murder. Shyam organizes a toll booth ticket for the day before to prove that on the day of the murder Jumar and Sushant had already left the village.
Kaanchi leaves the village when she receives no support in her fight against injustice.Kaanchi reaches Mumbai & meets Bagulla. She starts living with Bagulla, by telling her story that she is looking for a job in Mumbai. She finds that Bagulla is close to the Kakra's. Kaanchi then starts observing the Kakra house in Mumbai and starts identifying the people coming in and out of the house. she makes the house maid Maya Tai (Gargi Patel) her target. She fakes an accident with Maya Tai & gets her sympathy to get a odds job inside the Kakra house.She finds that Sushant has gone away to Dubai for a month. She waits for his return. She finds that Shyam is having an affair with his secretary Savita Pathare (Pallavi Subhash Chandran). Kaanchi secretly makes a video of Shyam & his secretary having sex. In bargain, she also videos the secretary blackmailing Shyam with his scam in the village and murder of Binda. When the secretary leaves, she videos Shyam ordering the assassination of his secretary. But she loses the phone and the evidence.She then uses her connect with Bagulla to get an intro to a madame who supplies girls to Jumar's parties. The madame gives Kaanchi a job & she is invited to entertain guests at Jumar's next party. She uses her sexuality to seduce Jumar. She steals the financial dealings file from Jumar's laptop. Back at the Kakra house, Kaanchi finds her lost phone lying in the gardens.
Meanwhile Shyam's secretary is murdered in a bomb blast. Kaanchi hands over the evidence to a social activist Satyakaam (Akash Dhar) campaigning against Shyam. Satyakaam shows the videos to the brother of the dead secretary Sanjay Pathare (Sahil Vaid). As the evidence finds its way to the media, Shyam and Jumar are arrested.Sushant finds that Kaanchi is behind all the issues facing his family. Bagulla betrays Kaanchi & sells her to Sushant in exchange for Rs 50 L. Instead of surrendering, Kaanchi counter attacks and ends up killing Sushant, after a brutal battle.
Kaanchi returns to her village, without leaving any evidence of her presence in Mumbai.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Kaanchi ‘Sigdi’ is a strong girl who lives with her mother and sister in the village of Koshampa. She is in love with her childhood friend Binda, and their families decide to get them married. Meanwhile, the Kakda family tries to occupy Koshampa and turn it into an industrial hub. Sushant, the son of Shyam Kakda, falls in love with Kaanchi and wants to marry her, but Kaanchi rejects him. Because of this, Sushant kills Binda before their wedding in front of Kaanchi. A furious Kaanchi leaves for Mumbai, seeking revenge on the Kakda family. She lives in the house of Bagulla, her old friend. She finds a servant job at Shyam Kakda's house through some contacts. She tries to expose his affair with his secretary as well as the truth behind Binda's murder by recording a video in his bedroom, but she gets caught by the guard however she safely escapes while losing her phone. After a few days, she finds out that Sushant is returning to India and is going to stay with Jumar Kakda. She becomes a servant in his house with Bagulla's help. She manages to steal the chip, which has all the secret information about their business. Meanwhile, she gets her phone back from her friend who works at Shyam Kakda's house. She submits the evidence to a news channel, cripples the business of the Kakda family, and also saves her village, Koshampu. However, Bagulla, who is a secret agent helping the Kakda family, sells her to Sushant, who then captures Kaanchi's sister. Bagulla later changes his mind and comes back to help Kaanchi. In the end, Kaanchi kills Sushant, and returns to her village to rejoins her family.