At present in 2015, Phantom begins with a car chase in Chicago, which leads to a scuffle between a man ostensibly named Jude Rosario (Saif Ali Khan) and an unidentified American male. The scuffle ends with the American falling into the icy waters of a river, and apparently dying. This results in Jude being arrested and convicted for murder.A flashback of 6 months ago in early 2014 takes us to the office of the Indian R.A.W. chief Roy (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty), where he and his trusted men (Rajesh Tailang, Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub) plan a daring covert operation. The whole idea is to organize a small, special team, to infiltrate Pakistan & kill the leaders of LeT who are suspected of carrying out terror attacks on Indian soil. The RAW has just received intelligence on another attack being planned by LeT on India. The RAW management wants a permanent solution to the cross-border threat.The man known as Jude Rosario in the opening sequence is shown to be Daniyal Khan (who is now living in oblivion upon his release from the US jail & runs a poultry farm), a dead-end ex-soldier with a completely deadened sense of life and death is pulled out of oblivion and pressed into service by the spy agency to wreak vengeance on the men who planned the 26/11 2008 Mumbai terror attacks. He agrees on the reassurance that he will be reinstated in the Indian army to the same rank from which he was court-martialed, which means regaining the respect of his estranged father. His only team member, Nawaz Mistry (Katrina Kaif) helps him find his first target-Sajid Mir (Mir Sarwar) at a London cricket match which Sajid is attending.Nawaz is not very sure if it is actually Sajid as he is known to have had plastic surgery since he was last seen in public. On determining his identity after breaking into his house Daniyal rigs up an explosion that kills Sajid & makes the news headlines. Sajid Mir was the trainer & handler for all the 26/11 terrorists who infiltrated into India. He also monitored Indian news broadcasts & then relayed instructions to terrorists to inflict max damage.Coming back to the present, Daniyal aka Jude has landed in the same jail as David Headley (J.Brandon Hill). David Headley was a US citizen (but had a Pakistani father), who helped the LeT recce all the targets for the 26/11 attacks and plan entry routes into India. He was arrested by US Govt in 2009, but they refused to hand him over to India & is now serving a 35 yr prison sentence in the states.Here Daniyal contacts Nawaz, in order to acquire 100 dollars so he can buy batteries, which hold a certain poison that kills you almost immediately upon hitting the tongue, which is also an undetectable form of murder, which will come out as a heart attack. After killing David Headley, the man who supposedly died upon falling in the icy river is found alive and Daniyal, who is using the alias of Jude Rosario in jail, is released as his earlier sentence is rendered null and void.Then, he and Nawaz make a plan of going to Pakistan, where they take down the last 2 perpetrators, Sahabuddin Umvi and Haaris Saeed (Shahnawaaz Pradhan). Daniyal contacts the ISI & says that he is willing to trade information on India's involvement in Sajid Mir's death for a meeting with the LeT leaders Umvi & Haaris. The ISI ask him to meet a local LeT cell in Syria. But things go wrong when Daniyal is abducted by ISI & LeT operatives, forcing Nawaz to intervene, but exposing Daniyal in the process. The ISI decides to kill the Indian diplomat in Jordan as revenge for India's involvement in Sajid's death.Now, Daniyal and Nawaz enter Pakistan directly via Lahore airport, under assumed identities. In Pakistan, they make plans of killing Haaris Saeed with the help of local restaurant owner Khalid (Midat Sahab), who is loyal to the Indian cause, by an explosive planted in the mic during his speech. It's here the famous number Afghan Jalebi is shot.Though, this plan fails when the Pakistani authorities trace Daniyal entering Lahore & planning Haaris's attack. They alert Haaris, who is able to get off stage, just in time before Daniyal blows up the mike. Daniyal pursues him in the car and shoots him in the head, causing an explosion. Now, with the Pakistani army and I.S.I pursuing them, they try and escape. Yet, their accomplices get shot.Now, they take a boat to escape through water, but the Pakistani military find out and send patrol boats to apprehend all water vehicles and search them for Nawaz and Daniyal. They both hide in the water but the Pakistani Military suspect that they are hiding in the water and shoot at it. Daniyal gets shot while shielding Nawaz from their bullets and eventually succumbs to his injuries in Pakistani waters, leaving a heartbroken Nawaz to be rescued by the Indian Navy. She is dropped by the Indian Navy to the Taj Hotel in Mumbai, and she has 2 cups of tea, one for herself and one for Daniyal, fulfilling a promise made to him.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
The film begins with a car chase in Chicago, which leads to a scuffle between a man ostensibly named Jude Rosario and an American male known as Matthew Brody. The scuffle ends with Brody falling into the icy waters of Chicago River, and his body missing. This results in Rosario being arrested and convicted of murder. 
A flashback to six months prior shows the office of the Indian RAW chief Roy, where he and his trusted men plan a daring covert operation. The man, known as Jude Rosario in the opening sequence, is shown to be Captain Daniyal Khan, a dead-end ex-soldier with a completely deadpan sense of life and death which is pulled out of oblivion and pressed into service by the spy agency to wreak vengeance on the men who planned the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. He agrees on the assurance that he will be reinstated in the Indian army to the same rank from which he was court-martialled, which meant regaining the respect of his estranged father, retd. Col. Usman Khan, and mentee, Dilawar Singh. His only team member, Nawaz Mistry helps him find his first target Sajid Mir at a cricket match in London. On reaffirming his identity after breaking into his apartment, Daniyal rigs up an explosion which kills Sajid, which makes the headlines explaining it was accidental, resulting in an investigation by the Pakistani ISI.
In the present day, Daniyal, aka Jude, has landed in the same jail as David Headley, his next target. He contacts Nawaz in order to acquire money to buy a battery, as a replacement for another one which holds a certain poison. The poison, (succinylcholine), is untraceable as it can kill a person when it touches the tongue, causing a heart attack. After killing Headley by plugging the poisonous battery into a showerhead he usually uses, Brody, who supposedly died upon falling in the river, is found alive, and Daniyal is released as his earlier sentence is rendered null and void. Meanwhile, ISI agents gather information about him.
Daniyal and Nawaz travel to Syria via Lebanon, to get in touch with the fighters of Lashkar-e-Toiba. There, Daniyal is held captive by the L-e-T and is forced into revealing the purpose of killing Sajid Mir and David Headley, on camera. The chief of L-e-T in Syria tries his best to send the video of Daniyal's confession to ISI, but the war-torn situation of Syria has led to a mass disruption of communication networks. Nawaz, with her team of soldiers, kills the subordinates of L-e-T, much to the chagrin of Daniyal. Subsequently, Daniyal, Nawaz, and the team escape from the clutches of the L-e-T after a bloody gunfight. Daniyal manages to kill the Syrian chief of L-e-T, just before he is about to send the video to the ISI, and destroys the recordings. Subsequently, the ISI kills the Indian Consulate General of Jordan, Mr. Rajan Sampath, in a gas explosion, similar to the killing of Sajid Mir, as a revenge attack. The RAW chief Roy reprimands Daniyal for unnecessarily killing someone who was not meant to be killed and asks him to call off the mission. Nawaz encourages Daniyal to carry on the mission to avenge the 2008 Mumbai Attacks by killing the direct people who orchestrated the whole mission. She offers to take him and herself to Pakistan.
Daniyal and Nawaz go to Pakistan to take down the last two perpetrators, Sahabuddin Umvi and Haaris Saeed. There, they make plans of killing Saeed with the help of a local restaurant owner and RAW agent Khalid, by an explosive planted in the mic used during his public rally. However, their plan fails, leading Daniyal to pursue Saeed in a car and shoot him dead, also causing an explosion. Umvi is killed with the help of a nurse Amina Bi, a mother who lost her militant son in a suicide attack, who replaces his regular medicine with poison, later shooting herself after the police find her at her home.
With the Pakistani army and ISI pursuing them, Daniyal and Nawaz make their way to the coast to escape through the Arabian Sea. Their accomplices get caught and interrogated for information or are killed. While they are escaping on a boat, the Pakistani military finds out about it and sends patrol boats to apprehend them. While hiding in the waters with Nawaz, Daniyal gets shot by the military and dies. Nawaz later gets rescued by the Indian Navy, after they leave. Later, she goes to the Taj Hotel in Mumbai, where she meets a tea seller who was giving tea for free as his son, who was a waiter in the hotel and was killed by the terrorists in attacks, has now been avenged as Daniyal killed them. She buys two cups of tea from him, fulfilling a promise earlier made to Daniyal.