Mrinalini 'Milli' Chakravarty (Sonam Kapoor) is a physiotherapist who works for the IPL. Her mother Manju (Kirron Kher) hopes that she will find a man someday, stating that it will be even better if the bloke belongs to royalty. As fate would have it, her services are called for by a royal family whose King's legs are failing him. Dr. Milli travels to the Sambhalgarh palace and meets the rigid Queen, Nirmala Devi Rathore (Ratna Pathak), who is not amused by Milli's enthusiasm and clumsiness. Milli finds that her casual way of living does not appeal to the royal family whose strict disciplinary rules demand otherwise. She meets Yuvraj Vikram Singh Rathore (Fawad Afzal Khan), the prince, whose distant personality makes him similar to his parents. Milli also discovers that Divya, the youngest child of the family, has an interest in acting and is planning to run away from home. Milli befriends Divya but keeps trying to convince her to not run away. The King keeps avoiding his exercises and this troubles Milli because she is determined to cure him so she turns to Vikram for help. He gives Milli the same answer that the Queen gave her, "If she cannot handle the job, she may leave." Milli gets furious and accuses the Royal Family to be stubborn, rigid and self-centered. Vikram reconsiders but the King refuses.Vikram is engaged to Kiara (Aditi Rao Hydari).
Just when Milli is deciding to leave, she learns the reason for the King's unwillingness to be cured from the Royal Servant Ram Sevak: ten years ago, Ambar, the family's eldest son, died in a car crash. The King had gifted a sports convertible to him and the two went for a ride. Ambar lost control of the car due to over-speeding and passed away, and the King's legs became disabled and he went into a coma for six months. Since then, the Queen changed. The Palace used to be fun and everyone would throw parties and laugh but after the accident, everybody changed. Milli shames the King into getting over his guilt and forces him to perform his exercises. The King befriends Milli and he finally agrees.During a tour of the local village, Milli gets kidnapped, and when Vikram saves her, she kisses him in her drunken state, though regrets it the next morning. The two start falling for each other. Milli confesses her love for him but Vikram refuses to acknowledge it, saying that they come from two different stocks. He is also engaged to a lady of his status Kiara.Vikram has been trying to buy the property of a rival Royal family to convert it into a heritage hotel. The Maharaja has steadfastly refused. Once Vikram takes Milli to the property & she gets to interact with the Maharaja & learns that his family has been staying there for over 600 yrs. She urges Vikram to think of a win win situation & Vikram offers a partnership to the Maharaja, where his family would stay in 1 part of the property & the hotel would be in another part. The Maharaja agrees & calls both for a celebration to his palace. When Milli & Vikram are away, Milli's mom Manju& his dad arrive in Sambhalgarh as Manju is really worried that Milli has fallen in love with an engaged prince. The King invites Milli's parents to stay overnight with them, & that's when Manju apprises Nirmala of the budding romance between Vikram & Milli.Divya runs away to try out for auditions in Jaipur. Milli informs the Queen that she knew about Divya's plans. The Queen becomes furious and Milli is ordered to leave. Vikram also supports Nirmala in blaming Milli. Manju is furious when Nirmala also refuses to accept that Vikram & Milli are in love with each other. In the anger over Divya leaving, Vikram refuses to answer Manju when she asks whether he loves Milli. Manju takes Milli away with her.Divya returns and tells Nirmala that she came back because of Milli. Vikram becomes detached & aloof from the entire family. The King surprises Nirmala by standing up, and admits that he saw Divya run away. He tells her that this is what Milli has been trying to teach them; to love life as it is. Nirmala is astounded when the King stands up on his 2 feet & attributes this success entirely to Milli. Milli however is heartbroken due to Vikram's refusal to stand up for her.
Vikram breaks off his engagement with Kiara and confesses his love for Milli and the royal couple gives him their blessings, telling him to go find her in Delhi. Vikram finds Milli, wins her mother's approval by proposing to Milli in her style, and hence, as the wife of Vikram Singh Rathore, Milli is given the title of the Royal Misfit.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Mrinalini "Milli" Chakravarty is a physiotherapist who works for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Her loud Punjabi mother Manju hopes that she will find a suitable and charming man to marry. Her services are called upon by a royal family in Rajasthan where King Shekhar Singh Rathore is paralyzed from the waist down. She is told that 40 doctors have already left a demanding job.
Milli travels to the royal palace and meets the discipline-oriented queen, Nirmala Devi Rathore, who is not amused by Milli's enthusiasm and clumsiness. Milli finds that her casual way of living clashes with the strict discipline of the royal household. She meets the prince, Vikram Singh Rathore, whose distant personality makes him similar to his parents. Milli befriends Divya Rathore, the youngest child princess of the family, and encourages her passion for cinema against the family's wishes that she study business management.
Shekhar avoids the exercises Milli prescribes and she turns to Vikram for help. He gives Milli the same answer that Nirmala gave her - if she can't stand the heat, she might as well get out of the kitchen. Milli becomes frustrated and tells them that they should be helping Shekhar, accusing them of being stubborn, rigid and self-centered.
Milli is about to leave when she learns from Ram Sevak, Shekhar's trusted servant, that Shekhar's injury came from a car accident that killed his eldest son. The queen's demeanor changed due to his paralysis and the responsibilities thrust upon her, and the once-happy atmosphere of the royal household came to its present state. Milli shames Shekhar into getting over his guilt and tries to befriend him through conversation and video games, and encourages him to talk about the car accident.
Milli sees improvements after 2–3 months with Shekhar, who persuades Vikram to take Milli with him to Surajgarh Palace. They spend some time together, and the prince leaves for a meeting while she shops. Milli is kidnapped; when Vikram saves her, they share a kiss. Though they agree to set aside their attraction, the two start falling in love. Milli confesses her love for him but Vikram refuses to acknowledge it, saying that they come from two different stocks; he is also engaged to a lady of his status, Kiara.
Divya runs away for film auditions in Jaipur. Milli informs Nirmala that she knew about Divya's plans, and is ordered out of the palace, heartbroken over Vikram's rejection. Divya returns and tells Nirmala that she came back because of Milli. Shekhar then surprises Nirmala by rising to his feet and admitting that he saw Divya run away. He tells her that this is what Milli has been trying to teach them: to love life as it is. Vikram breaks off his engagement with Kiara and confesses his love for Milli; his parents give their blessing and send him to find her in Delhi.
Vikram eventually finds Milli at a paintball arena, and declares his love for her. Covered in paint, he wins her mother's approval by proposing in her style. They are married, with Milli given the title of "The Royal Misfit."