Raje Bauji (Sanjay Mishra) is a man in his late fifties, living out a dreary but eventful life in a small house in old Delhi where he lives with his extended family. The movie starts with Bauji narrating a dream where he sees himself flying like a bird, free from all the worldly affairs. A random incident is going to change his life in a dramatic way, though he does not realize at the moment.
The family is a typical joint family construct who live in a small and cramped home which has not seen a renovation in decades. The family is not well to do, to manage to pool their combined resources to survive and give a decent education to their children.Bauji's daughter Rita (Maya Sarao) has been seeing a boy of ill repute, Ajju (Namit Das). Rita was bunking college to meet Ajju and was one day seen by a neighborhood boy. Now Ajju is allegedly more often in jail for some crime or the other, and the family is understandably worried that he is not the right future for Rita.When the fact is revealed to the family, after much deliberation they decide to do the obvious, lock up the girl and go beat the willful boy. Raje's brother Rishi (Rajat Kapoor) and his wife (Taranjit Kaur) also stay with him as joint family in their tiny old Delhi house. When they all go to beat Ajju up, Raje realizes that Ajju is a nice and gentle boy, and nothing talked about him to the family was actually true. He refuses to beat Ajju and comes back after giving him a good scolding instead.The whole experience changes Bauji, who vows not to accept any reality that he can't verify with his own eyes. For example, he refuses to accept God as he can't verify its existence. After a while he refuses to worship God and treats Prasad (offerings) as just another sweet.
This attitude puts Bauji at odds with many folks in society, including his own family. Bauji refuses to acknowledge Dr Manmohan Singh as the Prime Minister of India as he did not witness his oath taking ceremony himself.He is also admonished by his boss, who is the owner of the agency were Bauji works as travel agent, when he refuses to confirm to customers how long the flight will take or what the weather would be like (as he has not traveled himself). With this, he starts to antagonize the people who like him and were his friends.
Bauji decides that he would rather leave his job than to compromise on his life-changing principles.He resorts to a very idealistic mode and takes things to extreme levels to explore his theory. At first his neighbors consider him a lunatic, but over time they start admiring his logical reasoning and start following him.Bauji does not inform anyone at home that he quit his job and instead would leave house everyday to go to a park and spend time there. One day, a neighborhood boy (the same guy who spread the rumor about Ajju), saw Bauji and informed his home. They called his office and found that Bauji had quit more than 10 days ago.Bauji says that Rishi and Bauji's son Shammi are now capable enough to manage the house and thus he has no motivation left to work.
Bauji's loss of salary causes tension in the house as Rishi's wife is unhappy that Rishi will have to support the whole household.Ajju comes to the house to ask for Rita's hand in marriage but is turned back politely. Ajju says that he is an LIC insurance policy agent and has a steady source of income. He also says that he has given the exam for a Sales Tax Department job and if he clears it, he will have a government job. His parents live in Moradabad and have a government job.Rishi's son Ashok (Chaitanya Mahawar) fails his class & doesn't inform anyone at home. Bauji's son Shammi (Chandrachoor Rai) gets a job and gives Rs 5000 as salary at home. But the reality is that Shammi has taken a loan of Rs 28,000 from a loan shark & lost all the money in gambling.Rishi & his family decide to move out of the house & Bauji is not happy with their decision. At first, he gets high BP, then he goes on a vow of silence. People start to think that Bauji is losing his mind.Bauji gives his acceptance to Rita's wedding with Ajju. The loan shark, Gopi (Danish Husain) sends his goons after Shammi, since he failed to return the money within the agreed time. Gopi's men beat Shammi badly. Bauji breaks his vow of silence & goes to meet Gopi. He praises Gopi for taking care of Shammi & returns Rs 6000 to him. Bauji then takes up gambling himself and becomes successful at it. He repays Gopi's money & is then given an offer by Gopi to play for him at a salary of Rs 20,000 per month & 25% of all winnings.The wedding preparations start in earnest, but Rishi refuses to help as he is angry at Bauji for not visiting his apartment even once. Bauji is angry at Rishi for not coming to his house even once since he got his new apartment. Bauji's wife Pushpa (Seema Pahwa) convinces him to at least give the wedding invitation to Rishi.The wedding takes place with the usual hiccups & at the end of it all Bauji and Rishi reconcile their differences. Bauji then takes his wife on a vacation.
While chatting he narrates to his wife that he feels very light, like a bird flying in free skies. His wife jokes about his experience, inadvertently challenging his own theory that he doesn't know how a bird actually flies. In the middle of the night he walks towards a cliff. Babuji narrates the dream that the movie starts with. He has yet to experience flying. As the film ends, Bauji is seen flying down a cliff.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Rajesh Bauji (Sanjay Mishra) is a man in his late 50s, living a dreary but eventful life in a small house in old Delhi with his extended family. The movie starts with Bauji narrating a dream where he sees himself flying like a bird, free from all the worldly affairs. A random incident is going to change his life in a dramatic way, though he does not realise it at the moment. Bauji's daughter has been seeing a boy who is allegedly ill-reputed in their town. When that is revealed to the family, after some deliberation, they decide to lock up the girl and go beat the wilful boy.
When they confront the boy, to Babuji he seems like a very nice person. This event radically changes his life — he decides that he will believe only what he can see, hence the title Ankhon Dekhi. After a while he refuses to worship god and treats prasad (offerings) as just another sweet. He is working as a travel agent and refuses to book tickets to Amsterdam as he has never seen Amsterdam. To uphold his ideals, he quits his job. He resorts to a very idealistic mode and takes things to extreme levels to explore his theory. At first his neighbours consider him a lunatic, but over time they start admiring his logical reasoning and start following him.
Once while intervening in a petty loan issue with a loan shark, he refuses to believe the bad reputation of the shark. He concludes that he is a good person, based on his observation. He forms a rapport with the loan shark and is recruited by him in his illegal gambling den. His followers join.
He agrees to get his daughter married to the boy she loves, and almost sorts out the emotional issues with his estranged brother.
Now free from all responsibility, he leads a life where there are almost no blind spots and a lot of clarity. He takes his wife for a vacation.
While chatting he narrates to his wife that he feels very light, like a bird flying in free skies. His wife jokes about his experience, inadvertently challenging his own theory that he doesn't know how a bird actually flies. In the middle of the night he walks towards a cliff. Bauji narrates the dream that the movie starts with. He has yet to experience flying. As the film ends, Bauji is seen flying down a cliff.