Suresh 'Suru' Mukund (Varun Dhawan) wants to be a big dancer to fulfill his mother Durgadevi's (Prachi Shah) wish, for which he is supported by his best friend Vernon Monteiro, a pizza delivery boy. Vinita "Vinnie" Sharma, (Shraddha Kapoor) wants to be the best hip-hop dancer.
In her time Durgadevi was a Padmashree award winner and a noted artist in the field of dance.Childhood friends from suburban Nalasopara, Mumbai, they form a team called the Mumbai Stunners and participate in a national level competition "Hum Kisi Se Kum Nahin" where they are disqualified from the grand finale as their moves are revealed to be copied from the performance act of the "Philippine All Stars" and the judges term them cheaters as Suresh and Vernon had claimed that they were the original choreographers of the routine.After the team is disqualified from the competition, and everyone departs to search for jobs.Suru returns to work in a bar as a waiter, Vinnie rejoins a beauty parlor and Vernon (Sushant Pujari) gets back as a delivery boy where, time and again, they are insulted as cheaters by their customers, their families and even their own friends. The departure of angry teammates adds injury to insult, and nothing is set to be corrected.Suru hopes to remove the negative tag by planning to win a grandeur hip-hop competition in Las Vegas. The competition is 3 months away and Suru plans to assemble a new squad for the same. Suru is adamant that he does not want to wait another year for his next shot at redemption.
One day Suru was serving drinks at the restaurant when he watches Vishnu (Prabhudeva) dance in the bar. Vishnu is an accomplished dancer, and Suru convinces him repeatedly to be their choreographer for the upcoming Las Vegas competition.Vishnu was drunk that night, and Suru drops him home. So, the next morning, Suru brings Vinnie, Raghav, Jack (Jack Gill) and Vernon with him to meet Vishnu. They see that Vishnu had mapped out the entire competition on his wall and was extremely well versed with every aspect of it. The team is convinced that Vishnu is the right person to lead them into the competition.Vishnu refuses to train the crew, but Suru is adamant that Vishnu is the man who can train them and help them regain their lost glory. Over the next few days, the crew accompanies Vishnu everywhere to try and convince him to join their crew. Vishnu still refuses to train the crew as he calls them cheaters. Suru admits that they are cheaters but also adds that everyone deserves a second chance.Vishnu asks Suru to arrange Rs 22.6 Lakhs, the expenses for Vegas. Suru says that his dance bar owner Shetty Anna had promised to sponsor the squad and hence the funding is arranged. They audition for people to form a new team, but due to the cheaters tag, they get the most hopeless dancers. But at the end walks in D/Dharmesh who knew Vishnu from before. D then brings in Vinod. The next day Suru's old crew walks in as even they want a shot at redemption.The team starts their preparations for the Bangalore qualifiers, and the team even puts together the travel money for their expenses.They visit the qualifiers in Bangalore, where they are insulted as cheaters, but manage to win it after Vishnu begs the audience for one last chance for the team.
Although things are fine, Suru is broken when Shetty Anna (Murli Sharma), the owner of the bar where he is employed, refuses to provide him financial support extending to Rs 25 Lakhs, something he had earlier publicly promised to Suru at the time of the "Hum Kisi Se Kum Nahin" finale. Suru says that even if the team finishes 3rd in Vegas, he would be able to return Anna's money. Suru leaves the place, angry at Anna's insulting language for Vinnie.Vishnu gets angry at Suru's inability to arrange team funds. Vishnu is livid that his time has been wasted, and Suru had promised that funding would be his responsibility.
However, Vishnu manages to get the money from Raghav Crocxz's (Raghav Juyal) uncle who he convinces, after Suru loses hope.Later they prepare to go to Las Vegas, but Vinod (Punit Pathak), a deaf-mute dancer, learns that Vishnu has ulterior motives to go to Vegas, and, as a matter of fact, he had deliberately impressed Suru and friends to procure a way out for his plan to come to the US. Vishnu had heard Suru talk about the Vegas competition and made sure that Suru and the crew begged him to join them. Vishnu had been trying to get to the US for the past 8 years and only now was he able to succeed. Vishnu tells Vinod that once he is in Vegas, he will not care about the team and will only focus on what he has to do.In Las Vegas they win the qualifiers. Since the boys were spending the money without restraint, Vinnie hands over all the remaining funds to Vishnu for safekeeping.
Later Vishnu leaves the hotel with team money to meet his son Manu (Jineet Rath), whose mother, Swati (Tisca Chopra) is married to another man and has moved on in life. He talks to Manu and leaves with a contented heart.In the meantime, Vinnie gets injured due to excessive rehearsal and is replaced by Olive (Lauren Gottlieb), and Vishnu discovers this while thanking friend Gopi (Ganesh Acharya), who works in a bar-cum-hotel. At the same time, Suru is enraged when he finds Vishnu missing and tries to proceed with jam sessions all on his own, but in vain.Vishnu returns while trying to save the day for Suru from the German team as they get into a fight, later admitting he had made a 'mistake' leaving without permission although he didn't want to lose a family he had yearned to create in years. He apologizes for his behavior. Suru, however, reaffirms Vishnu to be the team's choreographer and they reconcile, and the team enters the finals.Across rehearsals, Olive gets close to Suru, and a jealous Vinnie finally confronts Suru, who initially finds it difficult to confess his love for her as they had been best friends from childhood but eventually gets together with her. Although Olive has feelings for Suru, an in-person conversation with Vinnie assures Olive that Suru had that inherent charm with nothing to do about his sweetness, and Olive agrees to continue with the Indian Stunners after Vinnie recovers.The team enters the final, where Vinod's health worsens during an "assemblage" by the team, and the formation suddenly breaks down even as his friend D / Dharmesh (Dharmesh Yelande), who knew about his tuberculosis problem, tries to support him. Everyone has almost given up after the accident when Vinod tries to encourage Suru, who forgoes the accident, and the others return to make the formation with success with Vinod at the bottom.Although unable to win the competition, they win the hearts of millions, with Suru lending a voiceover narrative about his mother's motivational lessons on dance.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Suresh 'Suru' Mukund, a waiter in a bar, wants to be a big dancer to fulfill his late mother Durgadevi's wish, for which he is supported by his best friend Vernon Monteiro, a pizza delivery boy. Vinita "Vinnie" Sharma, a hairdresser, wants to be the best hip-hop dancer. Childhood friends from suburban Nalasopara, Mumbai, they form a team and participate in a national-level competition Hum Kisi Se Kum Nahin where they are disqualified from the grand finale as their moves are revealed to be copied from the performance act of the Philippine All Stars and the judges term them "cheaters". Everyone departs to search for jobs. Suru returns to work as a waiter, Vinnie rejoins a beauty parlor and Vernon gets back as a delivery boy where, on and off, they are insulted as cheaters. The departure of angry teammates adds injury to insult, and nothing is set to be corrected.
Suru hopes to remove the negative tag by planning to win a grander hip-hop competition in Las Vegas, the World Dance Championship, where the Philippine All Stars are highly popular. One day he watches Vishnu, a rogue visitor, prove his dance mettle to a betting visitor in the bar and convinces him repeatedly to be their choreographer. They audition for people and formulate the team. During the practices for the qualifiers, Vinod, a deaf-mute dancer, discovers Vinnie and Suru's hidden love for each other. They visit the qualifiers in Bangalore, where they are pre-insulted as cheaters, but manage to win it after Vishnu begs the audience for one last chance for the team. Although things are fine, Suru is broken when Shetty Anna, the owner of the bar where he is employed, refuses to provide him financial support extending to Rs. 25 lakhs, something he had earlier publicly promised to Suru at the time of the Hum Kisi Se Kum Nahin finale, and Suru leaves the place, angry at Anna's insulting language for Vinnie. However, Vishnu manages to get the money from Crocxz's uncle who he convinces after Suru loses hope when Vishnu gets angry at his inability to arrange team funds. Later they prepare to go to Las Vegas, but Vinod learns from Vishnu himself that the latter has ulterior motives to go to Vegas, and, as a matter of fact, he had deliberately impressed Suru and friends to procure a way out for his plan. After reaching Las Vegas, they win the qualifiers. Later, Vishnu leaves the hotel with team money to meet his son Manu, whose mother Swati, Vishnu's ex-wife, is married to another man and has moved on in life. His son Manu recognizes him, his art, and his achievements, and Vishnu leaves with a contented heart.
Meanwhile, Vinnie is injured due to excessive rehearsal and is replaced by Olive, an American girl of partial Indian origin, and Vishnu discovers this while thanking friend Gopi, who works in a bar-cum-hotel. At the same time, Suru is enraged when he finds Vishnu missing and tries to proceed with jam sessions all on his own, but in vain. Vishnu returns while trying to save the day for Suru from the German team as they get into a fight, later admitting he had made a 'mistake' leaving without permission although he didn't want to lose a family he had yearned to create in years. He apologizes; Suru, however, reaffirms Vishnu to be the team's choreographer and they reconcile, and the team enters the finals. Across rehearsals, Olive gets close to Suru, and a jealous Vinnie finally confronts Suru, who initially finds it difficult to confess his love for her as they had been best friends from childhood, but eventually gets together with her. Although Olive has feelings for Suru, an in-person conversation with Vinnie assures Olive that Suru had that inherent charm with nothing to do about his sweetness, and Olive agrees to continue with the Indian Stunners after Vinnie recovers. The team enters the final, where Vinod's health worsens during an "assemblage" by the team, and the formation suddenly breaks down even as his friend D, who knew about his tuberculosis problem, tries to support him. Everyone has almost given up after the accident when Vinod tries to encourage Suru, who forgoes the accident and the others return to make the formation with success with Vinod at the bottom. Although unable to win the competition, they win the hearts of millions, with Suru lending a voiceover narrative about his mother's motivational lessons on dance.