Misha (Yami Gautam) and son Robin on a regular day become victims of an unfortunate bank robbery. Liak (Nawazuddin Siddiqui) and his friend Harman (Vinay Pathak) are on the run after a bank robbery and use Misha's car to flee, as their own getaway car is impounded by a traffic cop. As Liak & Harman take over Misha's car, they are spotted by the police & followed. During the chase, Robin falls out of the open door of the car & dies instantly. Liak shoots Misha when she goes ballistic. Liak is captured, but manages to drop off Harman, with the money & the murder weapon, at a safe location.
Raghu (Varun Dhawan), shattered with the loss of the two people who meant the world to him, immerses himself in seeking revenge. The rest of the story follow on what happens in Liak's and Raghu's life.Liak is in custody & takes the police in circles on the identity of his partner. He claims that he was just the driver & that the shot was fired by his partner. Raghu hires Joshi (Ashwini Kalsekar) who is a detective, to help him find Liak's partner. Joshi befriends Liak's mother (Pratima Kazmi) & finds that Liak wanted to marry a prostitute Jhimli (Huma Qureshi).
Raghu meets Jhimli as a client & offers her Rs 35 Lakhs of his son's life insurance money for the information on Liak's partner. Jhimli meets Liaks in Jail & informs him about Raghu's inquiry. The next time Raghu has sex with Jhimli when she tries to convince him of Liak's innocence.
Liak is convicted by court to 20 yrs imprisonment. Raghu regularly has sex with Jhimli & tells Liak via jail visits of his exploitation of Jhimli.
Raghu is inconsolable & goes to a town called Badlapur, where Liak has been jailed. He tries to commit suicide, but fails & then checks into a motel for 20 yrs. Meanwhile Liak makes several unsuccessful attempts to escape jail over the years. As such, 15 yrs pass.One day Shobha (Divya Dutta) approaches Raghu. She runs an NGO focused on rehabilitation of jailed inmates. She informs Raghu that Liak has stomach cancer & has at most an year to live. She wants Raghu to sign a clemency form that will secure Liak's release on humanitarian grounds. She tries to convince Raghu that 15 yrs changes a person & that he should meet Liak & see if he deserves Raghu's pardon. Raghu visits Liak in prison & demands to know the name of his partner, before signing his release form. Liak again tries to take Raghu in circles, but Raghu fails to bite this trap.Liak's mother approaches Raghu & gives him Harman's name & address to secure Liak's release from prison. Raghu signs the release papers & goes to Pune to confront Harman. Harman is now a rich man in Pune with a successful restaurant business & a sexy wife Kanchan (Radhika Apte). Raghu stalks Kanchan & befriends her & meets Harman & tells him that he knows the truth. Harman tells Kanchan the truth & pleads to Raghu to forgive him as he didn't kill Misha, he claims it was Liak. Raghu says he will sleep with Kanchan as his price to forgive Harman. Raghu doesn't fuck Kanchan, but makes her fake noises to make Harman believe that she in enjoying sex.Harman tells Raghu that Liak had asked him to keep his money & passport ready for him right after his release. Raghu warns Kanchan to inform him when Liak contacts Harman.
Liak is released from jail & meets Jhimli, who is now the mistress of Patil (Zakir Hussain), & has a lavishly comfortable lifestyle.
Liak calls Harman & fixes up a meeting. Kanchan informs Raghu about the meeting. Raghu takes the money & the passport, to be delivered to Liak, from Harman & then brutally kills Kanchan & Harman with a hammer. He disposes off Harman's & Kanchan's body in the outskirts of Mumbai & proceeds to have sex with Shobha, whom he has been seducing for months. He meets Liak at the meeting location & informs him that Harman is not coming.The police who have been tracking Liak since his release, in the hope he will contact his partner, finally figure out that Harman was Liak's partner. They find that Harman & wife have been missing for a few days. The police inspector investigating the case, finds that Raghu had met Harman in the days preceding the murder & takes his prints to match the ones in Harman's house. Raghu tells the inspector that he was with Shobha at the time of the murder of Harman.Shobha is angry at Raghu using her like that & that's when Raghu reveals that he had been using Shobha all along for his grand plan, & he detests Shobha for not feeling the pain of Liak's victims.
Liak meets Raghu & admits that he killed Misha & Robin in a moment of madness & asks Raghu how he is different when he killed 2 innocent people Harman & Kanchan in cold blood. Liak then visits Jhimli & tells her he is dying. He asks Jhimli to come with him, but she refuses to leave Patil.The police inspector visits Raghu & says that Raghu's prints were found at Harman's house. CCTV footage also shows Raghu driving Harman's car at the night of the murder. The inspector asks Raghu for Liak's share of the money in exchange for wiping all evidence against Raghu.In a massive twist Liak steps forward & takes the blame for Harman & his wife's murder. He even tells police the location of the dead bodies (which Raghu had told him). 7 months later Liak dies in jail. Jhimli visits Raghu & tells him that Liak took the blame to give Raghu a 2nd chance that neither Liak nor Jhimli got in life.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Two friends, Liaq and Harman, rob a bank in Pune and steal a car belonging to Misha and her son Robin. During the chase that follows, Robin falls out of the car and Misha gets shot. According to their plan, Harman escapes while the police, led by Inspector Govind, arrest Liaq. Both Misha and Robin die, leaving Raghav "Raghu" Purohit, Misha's husband and Robin's father devastated. He attacks Liaq in prison and approaches a private detective who tells him about Liaq's girlfriend, a sex worker named Jhimli. Raghu offers all the insurance money he received from his son's death in exchange for Liaq's partner's name, but Jhimli refuses. Enraged, he assaults her. Liaq is convicted for the robbery and sentenced to jail, while Raghu withdraws from society and begins living a reclusive life far from Pune.
Fifteen years later, Liaq becomes terminally ill and wishes to spend his remaining life with his mother Zeenat. Raghu is approached by a social worker, Shobha, who asks him to forgive Liaq, but he declines. Zeenat later catches up with Raghu and tells him Liaq's partner's name, wanting her son to be paroled on compassionate grounds. Liaq is paroled but trailed by one of Inspector Govind's subordinates in plainclothes form, so as to trace Harman. Raghu locates Harman and is invited to lunch by Harman's wife Kanchan "Koko" Khatri, where his true intentions are revealed. Harman denies having killed Misha and Robin and Koko pleads that he spare them. Raghu demands she sleep with him in exchange. He takes her to the bedroom and exacts revenge by making Koko strip and forcing her to scream to make Harman believe they're having sex.
Liaq contacts Harman for his share of the money but Raghu murders Koko and Harman with a hammer. He then goes to meet Shobha and pretends to be in love with her, creating the perfect alibi. Liaq learns that Zeenat gave Harman's name to Raghu in exchange for his freedom. Shobha is enraged to learn that Raghu told the cops they had sex. A fight ensues between Raghu and Liaq, culminating in the latter initially overpowering the former until he is himself subdued after Raghu gains an upper hand. Liaq reveals that he did kill Raghu's family but more in a moment sheer panic unlike Raghu, who he points out, planned his murders with a cool mind and without guilt. 
Liaq goes to meet Jhimli, now the concubine of a local businessman, Patil, one last time before his death. Having circumstantial evidence against Raghu, Inspector Govind tries to blackmail him into giving him Liaq's share of the money. However, Liaq walks into the police station and takes the blame for Raghu's crimes, giving Raghu a second chance to live life while redeeming himself.
After seven months, Liaq succumbs to cancer in jail and Jhimli makes Raghu realize the futility of his revenge. She drives away with Patil, leaving Raghu standing in the rain.