Lily Lele and Laila Lele (both played by Sunny Leone) are twin sisters who organize a treatment center for sex addicts. Laila Lele and Lily Lele are very attractive twins. Laila after a shower, walks around naked in her house and then dresses up as her neighbor Chotu (Uday Nene) appears at the door, aroused by her.Sunny Kele and Aditya Chothia are best friends who want to learn how to be successful in their sexual lives. They meet a friend Deep (Riteish Deshmukh) who recalls how he helped an old lady who asked him to stay over as it was raining. The old lady asked him to sleep in "Bunty's" room. The next day, he woke up to find an attractive girl named Bunty (Bruna Abdullah), and he apparently had sex with her. He encourages his friends to do the same.Sunny Kele (Tusshar Kapoor) and Aditya Chothia (Vir Das) are two spoiled brats who are sex-addicts. Sunny and Aditya are in the habit of joining random self-help groups to try and score with women who are desperate and vulnerable.Sunny and Aditya are asked to make a presentation on the perils of sex addiction. Later, they have sex with two girls after arousing them. Sunny's girl turns out to be a boy who had operations to change to a girl. Vir's girl turns out to be married and he has to escape naked when her husband walks into the house.
Their colleague Shekhar (Karan Dewani) is impressed, and they reveal that they have chicks-ray, which allows them to see through women's clothes and show it by telling the color of the lingerie three girls that were walking by, were wearing.Aditya & Sunny meet Lily and Laila by chance at their ad agency, where both girls were shooting a commercial. Aditya and Sunny are confused as their Chicks-ray is not working on Lily and Laila.
Sunny & Aditya are fired by their boss for making sexually explicit ads for a soda bottle firm. They present an ad for a soft drink, Gol Goti Soda, where they showcase a boy wishing to enlarge a girl's breasts.They meet Titli Boona (Gizele Thakral), an associate manager at a bank, for a loan to open their own agency. They get the loan from Titli and open XXX ad agency. The ad agency is successful right from start as the guys makes sexually loaded material for clients.The guys visit a new sex addict center and find that the twin girls run a sex addict group. Aditya & Sunny join the group as they feel that these are girls that they can finally settle down with.
Aditya has the hots for Lily and Sunny for Laila.Urashit (Asrani) is Lily and Laila's dad and used to do army scenes in movies. Their mother Seema (Sushmita Mukherjee) was herself a sex addict, who used to cheat on Urashit whenever he was out for work.Aditya & Sunny participate in a sex addiction prevention event held by the twins, where Laila strips to test the men's erection. Everyone fails except Aditya who erects after getting touched by Lily.Lily & Laila select Sunny & Aditya for a trip to a sex addiction conference.
Lily and Laila had rigged the selection process to select specifically Sunny and Aditya. It is clear that they have a crush on the guys as well. It is revealed that Lily and Laila are sex addicts themselves and run the group to take advantage of guys who also suffer from this illness by forcing them into sex.Deshdrohi and Deshpremi (both played by Shaad Randhawa) are two look-alike, Deshpremi is physically disabled and Deshdrohi is a womanizer. Lily and Deshpremi are about to get married. They invite the entire group to Pattaya for their wedding. Aditya is heartbroken but shows up with Sunny.Laila still has a huge crush on Sunny, and tries to sleep with him, but is never successful due to circumstances. Laila is in bed with Sunny, when he says "I Love You" to Laila and turns her off.
Laila can never find any privacy in the hotel to be able to seduce Sunny.
Das (Suresh Menon) is Urashit's gay son and develops a crush on Sunny as well. So now Das & Laila, brother and sister, both want to have sex with Sunny.Most of the times, Das is interfering with Laila's attempts to have sex with Sunny. One time Laila follows Sunny into the shower, by mistake and overhears Aditya and Sunny discussing their deodorants and discussing the size and potency of their penis. She leaves in disgust.Urashit and Deshpremi challenge Sunny and Aditya to a series of family games such as tug of war, range shooting, paint ball etc, where Deshpremi easily beats Aditya and makes him look bad in front of Lily.In a case of mistaken identity, Sunny and Aditya find that Deshpremi has a twin brother called Deshdrohi, who is a womanizer & is also in Pattaya. Sunny and Aditya think they have seen Deshpremi in the red-light district of Pataya and plan to expose him. Sunny and Aditya throw Deshpremi out of the hotel, when Urashit inform them that they only saw his twin brother Deshdrohi.Aditya makes a last-ditch attempt by convincing Lily that she should pretend to love Aditya, so that Deshpremi is enraged and fuels that rage to get up on his 2 feet. The whole thing backfires as Deshpremi is cured of his impotence.
Finally, Laila gives up her sex addict image and turns into a religious Indian girl to attract Sunny towards her. Laila says I Love You to Sunny.The day of the wedding arrives & in desperation Aditya & Sunny find & bring Lily & Laila's mother Seema Lele. Seema tells Lily & Laila that she ran away as Urashit could not satisfy her sexually, so she became a sex addict herself. She advises her daughters to marry their love so that they don't face the same challenges that Seema did.They accidentally find themselves stuck in a rat glue factory, and the conveyor belt leads them towards a cutter. While fighting each other, Lily falls on the machine and gets stuck, and Aditya frees her while stripping her to her underwear in the process. Sunny explains that in order to protect themselves, they need to strip down their clothes to create a rope that can reach the lever and shut it down. They all strip to underwear and succeed.Lily & Laila profess their love for Sunny & Aditya & run away with them. After their marriage, Laila puts a coin on Sunny again, performs a seductive dance, and rips her Saree to reveal her pink bra, which causes Sunny an erection and sends the coin flying above to the upper floor.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Sunny Kele and Aditya Chothia are best friends who want to learn how to be successful in their sexual lives. They meet a friend who recalls how he helped an old lady who asked him to stay over as it was raining. The next day, he woke up to find an attractive girl named Bunty, and he apparently had sex with her. He encourages his friends to do the same.
Two years later, Sunny and Aditya participate in a sex-addict rehab where they present their presentation and later have sex with two girls after arousing them. Their colleague is impressed, and they reveal that they have chicks-ray, which allows them to see through women's clothes and show it by telling the color of the lingerie the three girls were wearing. Laila Lele and Lily Lele are very attractive twins. Laila after a shower, walks around naked in her house and then dresses up as her neighbour appears at the door, aroused by her. They are fired from their company when they present an ad for a soft drink, Gol Goti Soda, where they showcase a boy wishing to enlarge a girl's breasts. The two then meet Laila Lele and Lily Lele.
Soon, Sunny falls in love with Laila and Aditya falls in love with Lily. They participate in a sex addiction prevention event held by the twins, where Laila strips to test the men's erection. Everyone fails except Aditya who erects after getting touched by Lily. To his disappointment, he finds that Lily has a boyfriend named Deshpremi. They both win a chance to go on a trip with Laila and Lily where they meet their strict father, sex-addict mother, and a gay brother, Das who is after Sunny. In a series of comedic events, which leads to a climactic chase where Sunny, Aditya, Laila and Lily try to evade their family. They accidentally find themselves stuck in a rat glue factory, and the conveyor belt leads them towards a cutter. While fighting each other, Lily falls on the machine and gets stuck, and Aditya frees her while stripping her to her underwear in the process. Sunny explains that in order to protect themselves, they need to strip down their clothes to create a rope that can reach the lever and shut it down. They all strip to underwear and succeed. The father forgives Aditya and Sunny and they happily marry their loved ones. After their marriage, Laila puts a coin on Sunny again, performs a seductive dance, and rips her saree to reveal her pink bra, which causes Sunny an erection and sends the coin flying above to the upper floor.