The story follows members of a fictional secret operation called Baby; a temporary task force headed by Feroz Khan (Danny Denzongpa). Baby was formed in response to the 26/11 attacks to create a secretive force that would carry out anti-terrorist operations outside of the formal state gambit. The job being to find and eliminate terrorists planning attacks in India, wherever they may be.
The future course of action for the task force would be decided after looking at the results of the task force during its existence of 5 years. 12 team members were selected from the elite of Police and Para-military forces. If they are ever caught, the government would forsake all knowledge of their actions and disown them.In the first 4 years, the team prevented 24 blasts across the country and cultivated deep assets all over the world. They nabbed 13 most wanted terrorists and conducted 8 encounters. But they also lost 8 team members and only 4 from the original team survived.While attempting to rescue a fellow Indian security agent in Turkey, Ajay Singh Rajput (Akshay Kumar) captures a traitor to the Indian government, Jamal (Karan Aanand), who formerly worked under Ajay. Jamal had betrayed a fellow agent to the enemy. The agent was in enemy custody but was too badly injured and Ajay took the hard call to kill his own agent as there was no hope for his survival.Ajay captures Jamal and threatens to kill his family unless he gives them information about the terror attack plans on India. He discovers a terrorist plot to cause a bomb blast in a Delhi mall which he and Jai (Rana Daggubati) are able to prevent.
In the process they learn that this was only the first in a series of massive attacks that have been planned. Jamal reveals that Ajay will not be able to stop all the planned blasts and commits suicide by jumping out of the window of his interrogation cell.Ajay lives with his wife Anjali (Madhurima Tuli). Ajay never shares his work details with Anjali, but she knows that he is a spy agent.Terrorist mastermind Maulana (Rasheed Naz), who is causing trouble near the Pakistan-India border, arranges for Bilal (Kay Kay Menon) to escape from prison, when he is returning from trial at a TADA court in Mumbai. Maulana is the ringleader & financier of terrorist activities in the region & has a $ 10 MM bounty on his head from the US security agencies. Maulana needs Bilal as Bilal is the key to the further blasts in India, & Bilal is refusing to share any information with Maulana about his assets, till Maulana gets him out of jail.Once Bilal escapes, he flies out of the country. Maulana assigns another terrorist Javed Ali Khan who arrives in Mumbai via Dubai.
Feroz tells his superiors that the terrorists are winning as they have managed to radicalize the Indian Muslim youth and convinced them that India is not their country.After Bilal's escape, a Muslim college student named Aftab approaches the Indian Intelligence & is interrogated by Ajay. He divulges details on Taufiq, who is a local religious leader, who recruits for Maulana & provide training for these recruits in Nepal. Aftab says that he was introduced to Taufiq by his friends. Taufiq showed videos of riots and killings to Aftab to radicalize him and sent him to Nepal for training. He adds that in 2 weeks they were trained to assemble Improvised Explosive Devices.
The student, Aftab, explains that he saw Taufiq with a picture of Bilal & just yesterday a few men from Pakistan arrived with Taufiq (Jameel Khan), including known terrorist Javed Khan (Rumi Khan).A team from Baby is dispatched to apprehend Taufiq, who is surreptitiously an aide to a terrorist organization and manage to get information on Javed Khan (who Taufiq says knows the location of Bilal) after torturing him. They go to their hideout, but things go wrong and all of the squad members on the mission except Ajay are killed in an explosion, along with Javed Khan. By analyzing Javed's laptop, the baby team gets the location of terrorist trainer Wasim Khan (Sushant Singh), who was in constant touch with Javed & Bilal to plan some big explosions in India. Wasim is traced to Nepal.To collect further information from a terrorist logistics planner in Nepal, Ajay and officer Priya (Tapsee Pannu) travel to Nepal pretending to be husband and wife. Their plan to capture the terrorist Wasim Khan goes wrong when Wasim finds out that Priya is in fact an undercover officer. Priya manages to hold Wasim and Ajay arrives to find that Priya has rendered Khan unconscious. Afraid of the torture that he might face, Wasim reveals all the information that the agency wants. He tells them that Bilal is in Al-Dera in Saudi Arabia and will travel to Karachi to launch a lethal attack on numerous locations in India.As per the information given by Wasim, Feroz sends Ajay, Jai and Om Prakash Shukla (Anupam Kher) to their deep asset Ashfaq (Mikaal Zulfiqar) in Saudi Al-Dera where Bilal has meetings scheduled to discuss the funding and execution of their plans. Ajay and Jai crack into Bilal's room with the help of Shukla and manage to kill Bilal.As they are about to return, they find that Maulana is also at the site. Jai knocks him out and they decide to bring Maulana back to India, sedated, under the pretext that he is a relative they need to get to India for a liver transplant. They manage to get a visa from the local authorities for Maulana (being shown as Ashfaq's ill uncle) with Ashfaq's help.Soon after, the hotel security discovers the corpse of Bilal. The Arab police authorities put the police chief Hani Mohammad (Hasan Noman) in charge of investigating the crime.Maulana regains consciousness and suddenly attacks and wounds Ajay, who manages to subdue him. Ajay and his team then board the plane, but Hani contacts the ATC and asks them to stop the aircraft. However, when he sees a newspaper that reveals that Maulana and Bilal are wanted terrorists with an international bounty on their heads, he smiles and lets the plane take off without any further hindrance.A voice-over by Feroz reveals that Maulana was brought to India, but his capture was kept a secret. After 6 weeks of rigorous interrogation, when Maulana had nothing substantial left to contribute, he was handed over to the Indian Army and taken to Srinagar, where he was given the same treatment by the army as given to militants (implying that he was eliminated). The trial run is successful, and the temporary task force is given permanent status where the agents celebrate their victory.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
A temporary task force headed by Feroz Ali Khan is formed in response to the 26/11 attacks in India, the job being to find and eliminate terrorists planning attacks in India. While attempting to rescue a fellow secret agent in Turkey, Ajay Singh Rajput captures a former colleague-turned-traitor, Jamaal. Frightened, Ajay threatens to have his family killed unless provides the information about a terror attack plan. Jamaal tells Ajay about a plot to carry out a bomb blast in a Delhi shopping mall, which Ajay is able to prevent with help from Jai. Jamaal then taunts Ajay saying that this was only the first of a series of massive attacks that the terrorists had planned and commits suicide.
Pakistan-based terrorist mastermind, Maulana Mohammed Abdul Rehman, is causing trouble near the India-Pakistan border. He plans an escape plan for Bilal Khan, a dangerous terrorist lodged in a prison in Mumbai. For this purpose, Bilal assigns another terrorist Javed Ali Khan who arrives in Mumbai via Dubai. Soon after, Bilal escapes from police custody and flees the country. The Indian agencies are alerted to Javed's arrival and a team of ATS officers, led by Ajay, is dispatched to interrogate Taufiq, an ISI agent posing as a local Muslim leader. Ajay manages to get information on Javed after torturing Taufiq and raids Javed's hideout. However, things go haywire when all the officers except Ajay get killed along with Javed after the latter triggers a suicide explosion.
The agency is able to retrieve the remains of Javed's laptop and find a name from the hard drive: Wasim Sheikh, a logistics planner for the terrorist groups, living in Nepal under the name of Abdul Haq. Ajay and Shabana Khan travel to Nepal pretending to be a married couple. Their plan to capture Wasim goes awry when he finds out that Shabana is a covert operative. However, Shabana fights with him and knocks him unconscious and the duo bring Wasim back to India. Afraid of the torture that he might face, Wasim reveals all the information that the agency wants. He tells them that Bilal is in Al-Dera in Saudi Arabia and will travel to Karachi to launch a lethal attack on numerous locations in India.
Feroz sends Ajay, Jai and frequent collaborator Om Prakash Shukla, an expert hacker, to meet their deep asset, Ashfaq, in Al-Dera. Bilal is holding meetings in Al-Dera to discuss the funding and execution of the terrorist attacks. With Shukla's help, Ajay and Jai break into Bilal's room and kill him. As they are about to return, they find that Maulana is also present at the suite. Jai knocks him out. They decide to bring him back to India, under the pretext that he is Ashfaq's uncle who needs to visit India for an urgent liver transplant. They manage to get a visa from the local authorities for Maulana (being shown as Ashfaq's ill uncle), but the hotel security discovers Bilal's corpse. Police Chief Hani Mohammad starts investigating Bilal's death. He quickly identifies Ajay and his team as Indian agents.
Maulana regains consciousness and suddenly attacks and wounds Ajay, who manages to subdue him. Meanwhile, Ajay and his team then board the plane, but Hani contacts the ATC and asks them to stop the aircraft. However, when he sees a newspaper that reveals that Maulana and Bilal are wanted terrorists with an international bounty on their heads, he smiles and lets the plane take off without any further hindrance. A voice-over by Feroz reveals that Maulana was brought to India, but his capture was kept a secret. After 6 weeks of rigorous interrogation, when Maulana had nothing substantial left to contribute, he was handed over to the Indian Army and taken to Srinagar, where he was given the same treatment by the army as given to militants (implying that he was eliminated). The trial run is successful, and the temporary task force is given permanent status where the agents celebrate their victory.