Praveen Patel (Ram Kapoor) is a 45-year-old Gujarati NRI store-owner living with his wife and 20-something son named Jigar in Kuala Lumpur. Patel was born and brought up in Rajkot, Gujrat and is the son of a trader. Velji (Mehul Buch) and Nauser (Kurush Deboo) are Patel's best friends in Kuala Lumpur.Though Patel loves his wife, Kokila (Suchita Trivedi), he is often annoyed by her over-religious and sometimes dominating nature. Patel complains that Kokila spends all her time at the temple and has no time for him. Kokila consults an astrologer, who tells her that a woman is going to enter her life and cause a lot of strife. Kokila assumes that the astrologer is hinting towards Jigar's wife, as Jigar is now a young lad and of marriageable age.Patel is very passionate about Bollywood and actresses from Madhubala to Madhuri have played a role in every crucial moment of his life. He has an enormous fascination for a Bollywood actress named Shanaya (Sunny Leone) and he avidly watches her movies, in privacy though.
Jigar knows that Patel is a big fan of Shanaya as Patel keeps a hidden shrine to Shanaya in his office.Patel's son, Jigar (Navdeep Chhabra), is in love with their neighbor Naina (Evelyn Sharma). Jigar is an aspiring musician. Naina wants Jigar to talk to his and her parents about their marriage, but Jigar wants to wait till he becomes a successful musician with a few hit albums to his name. Jigar and Naina's brother Rambo cannot stand each other and are always fighting.Jigar wants to marry Naina, but Kokila doesn't approve her as Naina is "too modern" and she wants a "traditional, homely Gujarati" daughter-in-law. Someone who is educated but well versed in all house chores as well as cooking of traditional Gujrati cuisine. Whereas Naina is someone who swims in their pool wearing only a 2-piece bikini, which infuriates both Patel and Kokila.
Naina is a family value driven person at heart and would not marry Jigar unless both families consented to their match.Destiny brings Shanaya from Mumbai to Kuala Lumpur, where she is the "prize" for a Valentine's Day competition, and the winner of the contest gets a date with her. For Patel, this is his dream come true moment that he has been waiting for his entire life. He leaves no stone upturned to win the contest. Patel gets a makeover with a new spiky haircut and a completely new wardrobe. This is a big deal for Patel as he has never spent any money on such luxuries before. Jigar and Naina watch Patel undergoing this makeover and cannot understand why he is doing all this. Jigar confronts Patel, who admits that Shanaya is his passion and his dream girl, and he needs to get one date with her. Patel vows that he loves Kokila very much and promises not to hurt her with his actions. Next, Patel gathers all the contest forms he can find and puts them through a shredder to reduce the number of applicants to the contest.
Eventually Patel succeeds and secures a date with Shanaya.Before leaving for Kuala Lumpur, Shanaya signs a movie playing the role of a "middle class Gujarati wife" and in order to do proper justice to the role, her director Mac Mundra (Ivan Rodrigues) advises to live with a Gujarati family for a while to bring her role to life. While Patel is on a date with Shanaya, she considers living with Patel's family for a few days, as Patel lies to her, he lives just with his father and also lies that he's not married yet.Patel makes Jigar as his fake father and Jigar gets Naina to be Patel's fake mother. He gets Jigar and Naina to cooperate in exchange for his support to their marriage. Patel fakes a family emergency back home in India and puts Kokila on the first flight back to India before Shanaya's arrival to his house. Shanaya finally comes to live with Patel's family. Patel cherishes every moment she spends in his house, profoundly flirting and getting affectionate towards with her.One night, when Patel is dancing in the rain with Shanaya, Kokila suddenly arrives home, while Patel is unaware that she's back in the house. Next morning, Patel's friend brings a "Kenyan" woman to his house, who could teach Garba dance to Shanaya. She is, in fact, Kokila in disguise, and Patel fails to recognize her.Meanwhile, Patel gets possessive and jealous as he feels Shanaya is ignoring him and spending more time with her future movie co-actor. When Patel notices Shanaya grooving to music with a band, he gets extremely upset and bawls at her, "When you have time to do all this, you have time for parties, you have time for your co-actor, why don't you have the time for me? Have you ever asked me if I'm okay or not, even once?" Shanaya feels insulted and gets outraged, and packs her suitcase to leave his house. She explains, "If we were together, would you be able to adjust to the lifestyle of an actress. Would you be able to control yourself when people stare at me? No. Because you're insecure. It takes a strong, secure man to marry an actress." She leaves the house.When Patel gets back from work, he is surprised to see a wedding is being arranged for him and he is groom. He is very confused and assumes he is about to get married to Shanaya. Shanaya gets that "Kenyan" woman and asks Patel to marry her. Patel confesses that he lied to her and tells her that he can't marry her or that "Kenyan" woman. He says, "I'm already married. I love my wife very much. Please forgive me."The "Kenyan" woman reveals that she's Kokila and Shanaya explains that they set up this entire situation, when Kokila returned to the house. Jigar and Naina get engaged on that occasion. When Shanaya gets ready to leave, she says, "(Living with you), I've learned more about life, than my role."

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Praveen Patel (Ram Kapoor) is a 45-year-old Gujarati NRI store-owner living with his wife Kokila (Suchita Trivedi) and an ambitious 26-year-old son Jigar (Navdeep Chhabra) in Kuala Lumpur. Though he loves his wife, he is often annoyed by her over-religious and sometimes dominating nature. Patel has an enormous fascination for a Bollywood actress named Shanaya Khanna (Sunny Leone) and he avidly watches her movies, in private though.
Jigar is in love with their neighbor Naina (Evelyn Sharma). He is an aspiring musician and wants to marry her, but Kokila doesn't approve her as Naina is "too modern" and she wants a "traditional, homely Gujarati" daughter-in-law.
Destiny brings Shanaya from Mumbai to Kuala Lumpur, where she is the "prize" for Valentine's Day competition, and the winner of the contest gets a date with her. For Patel, this is his dream come true moment that he has been waiting for his entire life. He leaves no stone unturned to win the contest and eventually succeeds and secures a date with Shanaya. Before leaving for Kuala Lumpur, Shanaya signs a movie playing the role of a "middle-class Gujarati wife" and in order to do proper justice to the role, her director, Mac Mundra (Ivan Rodrigues), advises her to live with a Gujarati family for a while to bring her role to life. While Patel is on a date with Shanaya, she considers living with Patel's family for a few days, as Patel lies to her he lives just with his father and also lies that he's not married yet.
Patel makes Jigar as his fake father and Jigar gets Naina to be Patel's fake mother. Patel fakes a family emergency back home in India and puts Kokila on the first flight back to India before Shanaya's arrival to his house. Shanaya finally comes to live with Patel's family. Patel cherishes every moment she spends in his house, profoundly flirting and getting affectionate towards her.
One night, when Patel is dancing in the rain with Shanaya, Kokila suddenly arrives home, while Patel is unaware that she's back in the house. Next morning, Patel's friend brings a "Kenyan" woman to his house, who could teach garba to Shanaya. She is, in fact, Kokila in disguise, and Patel fails to recognize her. Meanwhile, Patel gets possessive and jealous as he feels Shanaya is ignoring him and spending more time with her co-actor. When Patel notices Shanaya grooving to music with a band, he gets extremely upset and bawls at her, "When you have time to do all this, you have time for parties, you have time for your co-actor, why don't you have the time for me? Have you ever asked me if I’m okay or not, even once?"Shanaya feels insulted and gets outraged, and packs her suitcase to leave his house. She explains, "If we were together, would you be able to adjust to the lifestyle of an actress. Would you be able to control yourself when people stare at me? No. Because you’re insecure. It takes a strong, secure man to marry an actress." She leaves the house.
When Patel gets back from work, he is surprised to see a wedding is being arranged for him and he is groom. He is very confused and assumes he will soon marry Shanaya. Shanaya gets that "Kenyan" woman and asks Patel to marry her. Patel confesses that he lied to her and tells her that he can't marry her or that "Kenyan" woman. He says, "I’m already married. I love my wife very much. Please forgive me." The "Kenyan" woman reveals that she's Kokila and Shanaya explains that they set up this entire situation, when Kokila returned to the house. Jigar and Naina get engaged on that occasion. When Shanaya gets ready to leave, she says, "(Living with you), I’ve learnt more about life, than my role."