Sooraj Kaushik (Sooraj Pancholi) is a gangster from Mumbai who meets Radha Mathur (Athiya Shetty), daughter of the city's Chief of Police, IG Shrikant Mathur (Tigmanshu Dhulia), during a party.
Radha was impressed with Sooraj's dancing skills and then he saved her from a goon who was trying to force himself on her.Changezi (Chetan Hansraj) is Sooraj's rival in the mafia world. Salim (Anil Mange), Mangesh (Ashish Verma) & Gangu (Trishaan) are loyal henchmen of Sooraj. Mangesh is a mute.
Shrikant is prosecuting Sooraj's adoptive father Suryakant for the murder for a journalist and has Suryakant in police custody.Sooraj, under instructions from his gangster father, Suryakant 'Pasha' Ranade (Aditya Pancholi), pretends to be a police officer and kidnaps Radha because Shrikant presented evidence against Pasha in court. Radha had requested more fit policemen for her security from her father as she was embarrassed to have security with pot bellies. Sooraj says that he has been assigned by her father to ensure her security. He says that Shrikant has asked him to take Radha out of the city to protect her from the threat of Suryakant.Radha believes the ruse and leaves the city, travelling to an isolated location in Jammu with Suraj and his friends. Radha makes a call to her father, who was busy with the delivery of his daughter-in-law and tells her to do what the police team says. Sooraj throws away Radha's phone after that.
Shrikant realizes when the real police team arrives at his residence, and they don't have Radha with her.
Radha is kept in an isolated cabin and told that there is no cell reception there. Plus, they have to stay there till Suryakant's next court hearing.During these days, they slowly fall in love. While in Mumbai Pasha uses the kidnapping to threaten Mathur. Soon, the group is discovered by the police led by Radha's brother, Dheeraj (Sharad Kelkar). Sooraj's friend Rathudi (Randeep Kumar Jha) was photographed in the local market, leading the police to Sooraj's hideout.
The couple escape although Radha believes they are being attacked by Pasha's men, and in the ensuing chase, Sooraj is shot in the arm while trying to jump over a broken bridge and they both fall into the water. This leads the police and the world to believe both Radha and Suraj are dead. Both Radha's family and Pasha are enraged by the news and the latter swears to avenge Suraj's death.Unaware of all this the couple are rescued by some Buddhist monks. Sooraj, who was severely injured, remained unconscious and Radha stays by his side and confesses her feelings. Sooraj who has fallen in love with Radha as well confessed to her that he had kidnapped her and that he was Pasha's henchman. She has, however, fallen in love with him and asks him to surrender as he would only be jailed for 2 years.Sooraj and Radha take a flight back to Mumbai. Sooraj was bringing Radha to the court at the same time when Suryakant was being brought into court for his hearing. A corrupt cop blows up a bomb and causes mayhem. Suryakant manages to escape, but Sooraj decides not to go with him, and instead surrenders to Shrikant. Sooraj is jailed.This decision leaves Pasha feeling betrayed as Sooraj was his adopted son. Radha testifies in court that Sooraj did kidnap her, but now he wants to reform and wants to start a new life. Due to the disapproval of their father over Sooraj and Radha's relationship, Dheeraj asks her to go to Paris, hoping the lovers could reunite once Sooraj is released from prison. To make this happen Dheeraj also lies to his family that he planned to set up a blind date between Radha and his old friend Ranvijay (Vivan Bhatena).One and a half years later, the court reduces Sooraj's sentence on the grounds of good behavior. Sooraj is out of jail and is ready to start a new life with Radha (who also returns from Paris to receive Sooraj when he is released), but to live a life, he needed to earn.So, he creates a fitness center for living with support from Radha and Dheeraj. All seemed to be going well until one day Dheeraj's wife Ruchi (Anita Hassanandani), meets Ranvijay and brings him home. Ranvijay had no clue who Ruchi was, but he was being chased by goons, so decided to go with Ruchi as she was travelling with a police escort.Dheeraj had been lying to his family that Radha and Ranvijay were a couple so that they wouldn't coerce Radha into a marriage she didn't like. Unknown to the family, Ranvijay is a smuggler and a criminal, who strikes a deal with Pasha to separate Sooraj and Radha. Turns out Ranvijay owed money to Pasha and makes the deal in exchange for waiving of Rs 12.5 Crores of debt, and an additional Rs 25 Crores on top. Slowly he wins the approval of Radha's family and further turns them against Sooraj.Shrikant decides to accept Ranvijay as his son-in-law and get enraged when he finds out that Radha and Sooraj were still a couple. Despite several attempts by the couple and Dheeraj, he remains stubborn about their relationship. Ranvijay uses this situation to break Radha's and Sooraj's love.In a last-ditch attempt to convince her father, Radha and Sooraj narrate their love story to Shrikant and Dheeraj about what happened, but Shrikant still refuses to accept Sooraj due to his former life as a goon. Instead, he informs Dheeraj that he would be willing to consider their relationship only if Sooraj agrees to become a state witness and confesses against Pasha.When Dheeraj proposes this to Sooraj, he calmly rejects the offer stating that becoming a state witness against Pasha just to marry Radha is degrading to their love, moreover the adds that he is not willing to betray his father. The same day. Ranvijay, waiting for the right opportunity, arrives after Dheeraj leaves and stabs Sooraj.In the morning, Pasha arrives intending to kill Sooraj for his betrayal, but Radha arrives at the scene and tells him that Sooraj would rather leave her and go to prison than betray Pasha. Pasha and Sooraj reconcile. However, Ranvijay still holds a grudge against Sooraj and kills Pasha's men. He tries to kill Pasha and Sooraj. A fight ensues, and Ranvijay is shot by Shrikant who arrives at the scene and finally chooses to accept Sooraj. Radha and Sooraj reunite and get married.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Sooraj Kaushik is a gangster from Mumbai who meets Radha Mathur, daughter of the city's Chief of Police, IG Shrikant Mathur, during a party.
Sooraj, under instructions from his gangster father, Suryakant 'Pasha' Ranade, pretends to be a police officer and kidnaps Radha because Shrikant presented evidence against Pasha in court. Radha believes the ruse and leaves the city, travelling to an isolated location in Jammu with Suraj and his friends.
During these days, they slowly fall in love. While in Mumbai Pasha uses the kidnapping to threaten Mathur. Soon, the group is discovered by the police led by Radha's brother, Dheeraj. The couple escape although Radha believes they are being attacked by Pasha's men, and in the ensuing chase, Sooraj is shot in the arm while trying to jump over a broken bridge and they both fall into the water. This leads the police and the world to believe both Radha and Suraj are dead. Both Radha's family and Pasha are enraged by the news and the latter swears to avenge Suraj's death.
Unaware of all this the couple are rescued by some Buddhist monks. Sooraj, who was severely injured, remained unconscious and Radha stays by his side and confesses her feelings. Sooraj who has fallen in love with Radha as well confessed to her that he had kidnapped her and that he was Pasha's henchman. She has, however, fallen in love with him and asks him to surrender.
When they return to the city Sooraj is coldly intercepted and held at gunpoint by Shrikant. During a fatal attempt on Pasha's part to escape a trial, he is sent to jail for two years. This decision leaves Pasha feeling betrayed. Due to the disapproval of their father over Sooraj and Radha's relationship, Dheeraj asks her to go to Paris, hoping the lovers could reunite once Sooraj is released from prison. To make this happen Dheeraj also lies to his family that he planned to set up a blind date between Radha and his old friend Ranvijay.
One and a half years later, the court reduces Sooraj's sentence on the grounds of good behaviour. Sooraj is out of jail and is ready to start a new life with Radha, but to live a life, he needed to earn. So he creates a fitness center for living with support from Radha and Dheeraj. All seemed to be going well until one day Dheeraj's wife, meets Ranvijay and brings him home. Dheeraj had been lying to his family that Radha and Ranvijay were a couple so that they wouldn't coerce Radha into a marriage she didn't like. Unbeknownst to the family,  Ranvijay is a smuggler and a criminal, who strikes a deal with Pasha to separate Sooraj and Radha. Slowly he wins the approval of Radha's family and further turns them against Sooraj.
Shrikant decides to accept Ranvijay as his son-in-law and get enraged when he finds out that Radha and Sooraj were still a couple. Despite several attempts by the couple and Dheeraj, he remains stubborn about their relationship. Ranvijay uses this situation to break Radha's and Sooraj's love.
In a last ditch attempt to convince her father, Radha and Sooraj narrate their love story to Shrikant and Dheeraj about what happened in a musical theatre performance, but Shrikant still refuses to accept Sooraj due to his former life as a goon. Instead, he informs Dheeraj that he would be willing to consider their relationship only if Sooraj agrees to become a state witness and confesses against Pasha. When Dheeraj proposes this to Sooraj, he calmly rejects the offer stating that becoming a state witness against Pasha just to marry Radha is degrading to their love, moreover the adds that he is not willing to betray his father. The same day. Ranvijay, waiting for the right opportunity, arrives after Dheeraj leaves and stabs Sooraj. In the morning, Pasha arrives intending to kill Sooraj for his betrayal, but Radha arrives at the scene and tells him that Sooraj would rather leave her and go to prison than betray Pasha. Pasha and Sooraj reconcile. However, Ranvijay still holds a grudge against Sooraj and kills Pasha's men. He tries to kill Pasha and Sooraj. A fight ensues, and Ranvijay is shot by Shrikant who arrives at the scene and finally chooses to accept Sooraj. Radha and Sooraj reunite and get married.