In a village, when a living thing enters the grounds on an abandoned Haveli, it does not leave, ever. The village folks are terrified of the Haveli and do not dare enter its gates.Three friends Amar (Ritesh Deshmukh), Meet (Vivek Oberoi) and Prem (Aftab Shivdasani) always want fun (Masti). The three friends get married to Sapna Amar Saxena (Pooja Banerjee), Rekha Meet Mehta (Mishti Chakraborty) and Nisha Prem Chawla (Shraddha Das).
Amar is a doctor who advises his patients on their sexual life but lacks one of his own.They are unhappy with their marriage life because of their Meet's Brother-in-law (Ketan Karande), Prem's Sister-in-law (Kangna Sharma), and Amar's Mother-in-law (Usha Nadkarni).Amar's mother-in-law wants her late husband to be reborn and on the order of a fraud Saptarishi Baba (Sanjay Mishra) (fake spiritual leader) she has stopped her daughter from having any physical relations with Amar for over 6 months to achieve the rebirth of her late husband. Amar is only allowed to have sex with his wife when Saptarishi Baba confirms that it is time for his later father-in-law to rebirth into the world through his daughter's womb. The mother-in-law has already donated Rs 1.25 Crores to Saptarishi Baba, and at every visit, he keeps fleecing her for more in the name of getting her connected to her dead husband's spirit.
Amar is not able to object to anything as he lives in his mother-in-law's house as a house husband. Saptarishi Baba finally gives permission for Amar to have sex, but also gives him a sweet laced with drugs due to which Amar hallucinates and ends up misbehaving with his mother-in-law.Prem's sister-in-law is very attractive yet very silly, she comes to live with them and wants to sleep with her elder sister forcing Prem to sleep on the couch away from his wife. Prem is attracted to his sister-in-law, who is young and attractive and flirts unknowingly with Prem, which arouses him.
The sister-in-law wants to study in London for 2 months, and for that Prem is trying to sell his house to raise the funds. Amar would happily lend him the money, if he can sell the family mansion in the village.Meet's wife is a twin and whenever she tries to go near his wife, it turns on his brother-in-law (who is a body builder) the connection between the two twins causes great problems like Meet's wife beating him up unintentionally when her brother is beating some goon up.One day they meet in a bar and decide to enjoy their lives. Amar talks about a new maid in his house who is from his village Doodhwadi. The new maid is super-hot, and Amar believes that the other women in the village are likely to be equally hot as well.
They decide to go to Amar's village to sell off his family Haveli (old mansion) and meanwhile have fun with the beautiful ladies in the village. If Amar can sell the Haveli, he can give the funds to Prem, who can send his sister-in-law to London and have fun with his wife. Amar can also have enough money to buy his own house and move out of his mother-in-law's place.
When they reach the village, they find out that people are scared of the Haveli. They also find that the village is only full of old ladies as all the hot ones are in the city being maids to rich people.An old man tells them that there used to be a father daughter duo who lived in the Haveli 50 years ago. The daughter, Ragini (Urvashi Rautela) was very beautiful, and many boys were smitten by her beauty, but her father never let any guy near her.
At the age of 20, Ragini died due to snake bite, but her soul still resides in the Haveli in search of a man who'll do Masti with her. The guys laugh it off and proceed towards the Haveli, there they meet a very attractive girl who's been living secretly in the Haveli as she is alone and has nowhere to go.The boys hire her as their maid and each one starts trying to attract her. Soon it is revealed that she is indeed Ragini, and she informs the boys that one of them must sleep with her in order to free her soul and whoever does so will die.
The boys get scared and try escaping the mansion but to no avail. Prem commits to doing so in front of Ragini to buy them some time and meanwhile they hire Babu (Shreyas Talpade), a male prostitute to sleep with Ragini.
But at the last moment their wives show up and Ragini turns Babu into a chicken.Ragini is invisible to the wives and cannot be heard by them. Ragini makes the boys do weird stuff in front of their wives and in laws who join them at the Haveli so they would leave. When the boys see that their wives are secretly fasting for them even when Ragini depicted them off as such perverts in front of them, they decide to confront Ragini.The meet Ragini and tell her they won't sleep with her, and she can't harm them as their wives are fasting for their long lives. Ragini hurts them but they light fire around her and call her father's spirit to help them. Rather Babu's spirit comes (who was cooked by the three wives) and does Masti with Ragini, hence satisfying her urge. Babu and Ragini leave the world together and the three couples live happily ever after.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Amar, Meet, and Prem are three friends who always wanted fun. They are married to Sapna, Rekha, and Nisha and live an unhappy life with their wives because of their mother-in-law, brother-in-law and sister-in-law, respectively. Amar's mother-in-law wants her late husband to be reborn and on the orders of a fraud Baba, she has stopped her daughter from having physical relations with Amar, Meet's wife has a twin brother and whenever Meet tries to go near his wife, it turns on his brother-in-law (who is a bodybuilder). The connection between the twins causes great problems like Meet's wife beating him up unintentionally when her brother is beating up some goon. Prem's sister-in-law is very hot yet very silly, she comes to live with them and wants to sleep in the same room as her elder sister, forcing Prem to sleep on the couch away from his wife.
One day they meet in a bar and decide to enjoy their lives together. They decide to go to Amar's village to sell off his family Haveli (old mansion) and meanwhile have fun with the hot and sexy ladies in the village. When they reach the village, they find out that people are scared of the Haveli. An old man tells them that there used to be a father-daughter duo who lived in the haveli 50 years ago, the daughter, Ragini was very beautiful and many boys were smitten by her beauty but her father never let any guy near her. At the age of 20, Ragini died due to a snake bite but her soul still resides in the haveli in search of a man who'll do masti with her. The guys laugh it off and proceed towards the haveli, there they meet a very hot girl who's been living secretly in the haveli as she is alone and has nowhere to go. The boys hire her as their maid and each tries to attract her. Ragini informs the boys that one of them must have sex with her in order to free her soul and whoever does so will die. The boys get scared and try escaping the mansion but to no avail. Prem commits to doing so to buy them some time and in the meanwhile, they hire Babu Rangeela, a male prostitute to have sex with Ragini. 
At the last moment their wives show up and Ragini turns Babu into a chicken. Ragini makes the boys do weird stuff in front of their wives and in-laws who join them at the haveli so they would leave. When the boys see that their wives are secretly fasting for them even when Ragini depicted them as such perverts in front of them, they decide to confront Ragini. They meet Ragini and tell her they won't have sex with her and she can't harm them as their wives are fasting for their long lives. Ragini hurts them but they light a fire around her and call her father's spirit to help them. Rather Babu's spirit comes (who was cooked by the three wives) and has sex with Ragini hence satisfying her urge. Babu and Ragini leave the world together and the three couples live happily ever after.