Kia "Ki" Sahni Bansal (Kareena Kapoor) aims to become a successful businesswoman and also wishes other women to work instead of managing the household and just becoming the support system of her husband. Kia is a marketing manager at Marico in Delhi. She wants to be the Vice President in a few years and then aims to be the CEO of the company.
She attends the wedding of a friend in Chandigarh and rants against the patriarchal concept that every successful man has a woman supporting him. Kia wants to have her own identity and success in life and is not content being pushed into a support role for someone.On her flight to Delhi from Chandigarh, she meets Kabir "Ka" Bansal (Arjun Kapoor). Kabir is the laid-back son of a successful building constructor, who does not wish to take over his father's company or inherit his wealth. Kabir is a very sensitive young man, who is not afraid to express his feelings and have a good cry when he feels like it. His mother passed away 10 years ago, and he misses her very much as that day was her birthday.
Kia takes Kabir for drinks after they land to celebrate Kabir's mother's life.The two get along very nicely and start meeting quite often. Kia discovers Kabir wants to be a housewife like his mother which fits for her needs as Kia wishes to climb up the corporate ladder. Kia also learns that Kabir is the son of a highly successful building constructor Kamlesh Kumar Bansal (Rajit Kapoor) and does not want to inherit his immense wealth. Kia is intrigued that Kabir has such ambitions while being a topper from Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore. Kabir is 3 years younger to Kia.Kabir says that people want a successful career to live a comfortable life, and yet even after they complete their ambition, they are unwilling to let go in the relentless pursuit of "growth" and forget to live their life. Eventually people end up in a private hospital with all the stress, thanking their stars that they can afford world class treatment.Kabir argues that housewives don't sit idle at home and are a vital cog of the household. Kabir argues that it is the toughest thing to suppress one's own ambitions for the sake of one's spouse's success. Kia's father died in an accident when she was 2 years old. Her mother is busy with running 5 NGOs.
Kia is intrigued by the idea of marriage and an ideal family but is not yet sure about kids. She is scared that getting married would inevitably mean compromising on her career.Kia and Kabir gradually fall in love and decide to marry where Kabir would handle the household stuff while Kia would be the breadwinner. They convince their parents for this marriage and get married in a court. The couple marry and Kabir becomes a Ghar Jamai after the disapproval of his father.
Their married life goes on well and Kia gets a tremendous boost in her work and is promoted. Meanwhile, the landlord of their house decides to sell the house due to financial problems and Kabir, not wanting to move out, decides to buy it. To make up the money required, he becomes a gym coach for some ladies. Soon, they are successful in buying the house.During an interview of Kia (for her highly successful career), she mentions about her husband's role in the house and the interviewer is impressed by this. She takes an interview of Kabir also in which he explains that it does not matter if Ki (girl) takes up the role of Ka (boy) and Ka takes up the role of Ki. People are impressed by this interview and Kabir is called for many more interviews and speeches on Gender Equality. Kabir gets busy with these interviews and speeches and so he is not able to manage the house properly. This upsets Kia and gets jealous of all this attention and argues him to stop appearing publicly with the notion of publicity of their life. Kabir bashfully agrees to this.Kia then goes to the USA for her work where Kabir does not accompany her. At a college reunion, one of Kabir's friends asks him to give an interview which he reluctantly agrees. Jaya Bachchan who sees this interview on TV and asks Amitabh Bachchan to call Kabir as she wants to meet him in person. Kabir pays them a visit and she gives him a gift for Kia. Jaya is highly impressed with the story of the couple's unconventional marriage. Kia receives news of this meeting while in the US, causing more arguments between her and Kabir. Meanwhile, Kia's mother Mamta Sahni (Swaroop Sampat) suffers from low blood pressure and collapses. She is taken to the hospital and upon receiving this news Kia hastens back to India.Upon learning that Kabir had gone for an interview she hurls him with abuses and accuses him of cheating her. She further tells him that he used her for his own profit to earn fame without working and he was, going to get money from his father. In all this Kabir does not say anything to her and returns to their home dejected. He starts packing to leave for Chandigarh. Kia sees the gift given by Jaya Bachchan in which is a letter which explains her feminist advise that to be a man not working but handling the house is a brave choice but to be a wife of such a man is a harder choice. The letter says that Kabir was indeed lucky to have Kia and the other way around as well.Kia's mother charitably tells her that Kia's jealously of Kabir's fame is the probable cause for the fight and as one who earns in the family is bound to be jealous when the other gets attention from outside their roles. Kia realizes her unrequited care for Kabir and apologizes to him for her bad-mannered mistake on the flight to Chandigarh.In the end, Kabir's father appreciates Kia's business acumen and decides to make her the CEO of his company and all ends happily.