Five girls - Mayuri (Ruhi Singh) (from Rohtak, whose parents are very excited about her modeling career), Nazneen (Avani Modi) (from Lahore, whose boyfriend is angry that she is willing to give up her relationship with him, to pursue a modeling career in Bollywood), Sharon (Kyra Dutt) (from Goa, who doesn't believe that the casting couch exists and firmly believes that hard work is the key to success), Nandita (Akanksha Puri) (from Hyderabad, who comes from a family of overachievers & is under tremendous pressure to prove her own worth to everyone) and Paroma (Satarupa Pyne) (from Kolkata, whose parents are completely horrified at the thought of Paroma parading naked on mag covers) - from different regions of India have been selected to pose on the cover of India's most prestigious annual calendar, which is a collaboration between a business tycoon Vijay Mallya (Suhel Seth) and his photographer friend, Timmy Sen (Rohit Roy).Timmy takes the entire troupe to Mauritius and before the shoot makes each girl tell one secret, just to shed inhibitions. Sharon says that she had sex at 15, with a sailor. Nandita says her first experience was with a girl. Paroma talks about her love for boyfriend Pinaki (Keith Sequeira), who has come to Mumbai for his career.Nazneen talks about sex with her ex-boyfriend Inzamam. Nazneen is confident about arousing any man in bed. Mayuri says she is a virgin, but curious about sex.
The calendar is launched with huge fanfare and the girls taste stardom.Pinaki (who runs an event management company now) reaches out to Paroma to re-kindle his relationship. Paroma attends a party thrown by Pinaki, where Indian cricketer Akhil Sood hits on Paroma. Pinaki rescues her & ends up having sex with her. Now Akhil threatens Pinaki, who reveals to Paroma that he wanted to use Akhil to spot fix matches in IPL & earn at least Rs 100 Crores. Thats why he made friends with Akhil & now Akhil wants to have sex with Paroma before he honors his deal with Pinaki. Pinaki pimps out Paroma to Akhil to get his spot fixing money. Paroma agrees as she loves Pinaki & will do anything for him. But Pinaki & Paroma are unaware that their activities are being tracked by the CBI. Eventually CBI arrests Paroma. Paroma calls Pinaki, only to find that he has left India with all the money.Sharon signs a contract with Anirudh's talent management firm & gets an ad shoot. Sharon trusts Anirudh, who shows her a great future in modeling. Sharon later is made to realize by a common friend that Anirudh is spreading false rumors about Sharon, that she is all over Anirudh & performing sexual favors for better assignments. Sharon slaps Anirudh in front of his whole staff and fires his agency. Sharon soon realizes that she is not getting any work as everyone is afraid of antagonizing Anirudh. Sharon gets a seemingly lucky break with a news channel producer, who gives Sharon a shot at becoming an anchor for a celeb news show. Sharon's show is successful, and she gets promoted to hosting mainstream news shows.Mayuri gets a small part in a movie, thru her agent Tiwari. She works the set & keeps everyone happy to get everyone to like her. Mayuri uses social media to help her career. Mayuri is willing to do anything for money & considers signing a film with a builder's son, who is willing to pay 1.5 Crores for it. she finally agrees to doing the film in the hope that she will sign a bigger film during shooting & then abandon this loser project midway. Mayuri builds on a chance meeting with Madhur Bhandarkar and lands a role in his movie. She promises to abandon her existing projects for Madhur's film.Nazneen lands a movie contract with a mid-brand producer. But political protests in Mumbai target Pakistani actors & Nazneen is harassed. She is forced to seek shelter with Sharon. The producer withdraws his offer to Nazneen. Nazneen is forced to sign up for a top end escorts service, as it offers to pay Rs 20 Lakhs per month.Nandita meets a rich, young businessman Harsh at a party in Jodhpur. Harsh takes interest in Nandita and wants to spend time with her & proposes to marry her. Nandita is hesitant as Harsh has a condition that he will continue to bed other girls even after marriage. Nandita accepts as she knows she has limited career prospects. It turns out that Harsh uses a top end escort service, who sends Nazneen to him. Nazneen is shocked to see Harsh in her bedroom. Nazneen wants to quit her profession as she feels she has traded her soul for money. When Nandita complains to her in-laws about Harsh, she is told to put up with Harsh's wild oats, as this is his time to have fun.Paroma is bailed out by her parents, who vow never to see her again. She gets an offer from Big Boss to participate in their show. Nazneen is killed in a road accident after she flees from the scene of her very last escort job, where a Russian Diplomat dies after over dosing on Viagra.
Eventually life moves on as Nandita gets pregnant, Mayuri wins a Filmfare award, Sharon marries her news show producer and Paroma becomes successful after her stint at Big boss. In a year, the next batch of calendar girls hits the market.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
The plot begins with photographer Timmy Anand (Rohit Roy) who is in the process of calling the 5 girls whom he has chosen from different parts of India and Pakistan – Mayuri Chauhan (Ruhi Singh) from Rohtak, Paroma Ghosh (Satarupa Pyne) from Kolkata, Nandita Menon (Akanksha Puri) from Hyderabad, Nazneen Malik (Avani Modi) from Lahore and Sharon Pinto (Kyra Dutt) from Goa to come to Mumbai for shooting for the country's most prestigious annual calendar which is a joint effort of a business tycoon, Kumar Kukreja (Suhel Seth) and him.
The story now shifts to give a brief introduction about the personal life of the five girls. Mayuri, who is from Rohtak lives with her parents who are very supportive and encouraging of her becoming a calendar girl. Paroma, who is from Kolkata, has her parents and an elder brother who are not happy about her entering the modelling business. Paroma decides to leave and she'd call them to Mumbai one day and they will feel proud of her. Nandita, who is from Hyderabad, has her parents and an elder sister. Her family consists of all achievers with her mom and dad being CEOs of a company and her sister Sharda (Samikssha Batnagar) who has recently become the youngest Vice President of a company. Nandita has decided to make it big by becoming a calendar girl. Nazneen, who is from Lahore stays with her boyfriend Inzamam (Deepak Wadhwa) and feels that she has still not achieved anything big in life yet and calendar girl will be a platform for her to get into Bollywood. However Inzamam is not supportive of this, but she decides to leave. Sharon who is from Goa is jogging on the beach with her friend who tells her about how bad the glamour world is and she shouldn't be going for this but she does not believe much about the rumours of the glamour world and decides to go ahead.
The five girls go to Mauritius for shooting with Timmy. They are in the calendar launch party where they are meeting different people from the glamour industry.
The story then moves to three months later. Paroma is a chief guest in a Bengali pooja organized by some pandal and there she meets Pinaki Chatterjee (Keith Sequeira) who is her old boyfriend from Kolkata. Pinaki persuades Paroma to revive their relationship and she agrees. Sharon is doing an ad and is very happy that she has selected Aniruddh Shroff (Rushad Rana) to take care of her work to get her assignments. Nazneen has got an offer for a Bollywood film from a very noted producer. Mayuri is at her first day of shooting for the film and is advised by her secretary Tiwariji (Atul Parchure) to make a good impression with the crew members from the very first day. Mayuri gets very friendly with the director and the crew members and she uses her social networking skills tweeting about the movie several times to get a good publicity for it. Nandita is attending a ceremony in Jodhpur where she is chatting with Naina (Suchitra Pillai) who is a socialite. She declares that Nandita is one of her favourite calendar girls. Naina then introduces Nandita to Harsh Narang (Vikram Sakhalkar) who is a very big business tycoon and the heir of the royal Narang family of Jodhpur. Harsh asks Nandita about her future plans and she tells that she is returning to Mumbai by flight the following morning. Harsh advises her to cancel her flight offering her a marriage proposal. Nandita doesn't answer initially but her sister advises that she should go ahead with this marriage stating that she will be living a very comfortable life like a queen. Nandita meets Harsh's parents, the Narangs (Kiran Kumar) and tells them that she has decided to quit modelling and the family gives her a warm welcome resulting in them getting married.
Nazneen is travelling in a taxi and sees that there are some public protests on the road against Pakistani stars to quit the country. She is very tensed about her life being harmed and the city being unsafe for her. She is not in a position to go back to London since Inzamam is very angry on her. The producer who offered her the film has decided to withdraw the offer because of this issue and is unable to delay the film. She loses the film and is without any work. Few days later, she meets Ananya Raichand (Mita Vashisht) who runs a high class escort service for Politicians, Industrialists and Diplomats. Nazneen ends up becoming an escort girl. Sharon goes to a party at a friends place and there she meets Rehaan who is a friend of Aniruddh and gets to know about the rumours that Aniruddh spread about her that she slept with him. She gets very angry and slaps Aniruddh in front of his entire office staff. She ends up banned by the ad world and is unable to get any assignments. Paroma is attending a party where she has been invited by Pinaki and he introduces her to the different cricketers and people from the SPL cricket league. Pinaki tells her later about some issues that he is facing on the gambling with which they were to earn millions of rupees, where he wants Paroma to spend time with one of the cricketers as per his conditions. Paroma does so and they earn a lot with the daily matches of SPL. Vignesh Pranjpe (Sharad Ponkshe) who is a CBI officer has a doubt on them and keeps a close eye.
Sharon meets Shashank Datta (Indraneil Sengupta) who is working in a leading news channel offers her a job as a host for one of their new entertainment show and Sharon becomes a very successful anchor. Mayuri has decided to sign a film with a builder's son for millions of rupees just to buy a flat through him and later meets Madhur Bhandarkar who also offers her a film. Nandita finds that Harsh is cheating on her and has married her just to keep her as a trophy wife and sleeps around with escort girls. She tells her in-laws and cries but they explain that Harsh loves her and she is the daughter-in-law of the big Narang family and these things are very common amongst the riches.
Paroma gets arrested by CBI on the betting and match fixing case and Pinaki goes absconding leaving her in a lurch. Her brother and father come to give her a bail and disown her. She attempts suicide but stops as she gets an offer to work in a reality show because of her controversial image. Nazneen is feeling shameful as an escort girl and wants to quit and go back to London. She decides to do it one last time with a foreign diplomat. But she finds that Inzamam has already dumped her and moved with someone else. Nazneen meets with an accident after escaping from the hotel and dies.
After these incidents that happened with the calendar girls especially Paroma and Nazneen, this issue comes in the news on whether calendar girls is a platform for people to make a career in the glamour industry or is it a misuse. The other 4 calendar girls meet at Nazneen's funeral and are very sad that her body was in the morgue for 10 days and nobody claimed it. They realize how the glamor world is and how you need to live with it.
Days pass by, months pass by and it is shown where are the calendar girls now – Paroma is making her entry to the reality show, Sharon will happily marry Shashank, Mayuri receives the best debutant award in Filmfare and Nandita is pregnant with a child with Harsh. Now the new year comes and the old calendar is removed and the new calendar is used at various places with the five new calendar girls.