John Biswas (Amitabh Bachchan) is a 70-year-old grandfather who visits the police station in Kolkata regularly. He is desperate to find the kidnapper and murderer of his grand-daughter Angela (Aarnaa Sharma), who died 8 years ago. However, police inspector Sarita Sharma (Vidya Balan) has no clues about the case. Sarita is polite and tries to convince John that she will call John whenever she finds any clues.
But he continues to search for the person who caused it, despite being dissuaded by people all around him and collects evidence one by one at a small pace.John's wife Nancy (Padmavathi Rao) is sick and bound to a wheelchair. Angela was the daughter of John's son-in-law Peter (Tota Roy Chowdhury). Peter blames John for Angela's death, while John says that it was the police who failed to do their job properly. Peter had left Angela with John as his wife had passed away.
Despite the personal problems, John is determined not to give up. John also regularly meets Father Martin Das (Nawazuddin Siddiqui), who was once police inspector and was handling the Angela kidnapping case.
Father Martin Das tries his best in solving the case but the guilt of being unsuccessful compelled him to leave his job and get converted to a priest.
Angela was returning from school, but took a different route compared to the usual. She was kidnapped in a black colored van at 2 PM while she was on a deserted Rippon Street. John listens to the evidence tapes again and again.One day at the fish market, John follows a young deaf and mute girl (Abhipriti Das) wearing the same woolen cap that Angela used to wear. John reaches an orphanage and he bribe the clerk (Arindol Bagchi) to find out that the cap was donated from somebody in Imambara. Joh travels to Imambara with Martin. They find that just previous year they extended the walls of their property. They dug the ground and found an aluminum box, in which they found the woolen cap. They find that the additional land belonged to an NRI, who donated the land to the Imanbara and this was handled by real estate agent Tariq (Mukesh Chhabra).
The Imambara official (Masood Akhtar) tells John that he also found a pen in the box and hands it over to John. John finds an emblem of a swan engraved on the hilt of the pen.Nancy remembers that when John was buying a property for Peter, the property documents had the same emblem. Tariq tells him that the logo belongs to the Land Management Office. There he learns that the pen was given as a gift by a large corporate in 2006-2007. John wants a list of employees who used to work at the LMO then, but is refused as the request did not come from the police. John gives his scooter as a bribe to get the list.
John believes that the LMO knew that he was buying land for Peter, and hence had money. After the incident of Angela's death, some LMO employees left their job. Martin refuses to help, so John interviews each lead himself and reaches Hari Prakash (Suneel Sinha), who is now a mill owner. Hari says an employee named Kumar was dismissed from LMO for fraud.One day, 8 years after that tragic incident, there is another kidnapping, that of a young boy named Rony (Ricky Patel) and everything about it echoes of similarity with the kidnapping of Angela. Further investigation reveals that the Modus Operandi for kidnapping Rony is the same as that of Angela. Rony is the son of Hemant (Anupam Bhattacharya) and Neeta (Deblina Chakravorty) and the grandson of Mahohar. Neeta had a heart operation many years ago and is easily overwhelmed.
Rony was playing with Manohar (they stayed in Hemant's house in the city), when Manohar was distracted by a call and Rony was kidnapped.
Inspector Sarita requests Father Martin for assistance in cracking the case. Martin supports partially by providing clues and Sarita, along with John, start investigating the case.
The kidnapper demands Rs 20 Lakhs as ransom. He provides proof of life in a garbage truck passing by the house, just as John was given proof of life for Angela 8 years ago.8 years ago, John agreed to pay the ransom without telling Peter about the kidnapping. Martin was involved to cover the railways station where the drop had to take place. Despite their best efforts, the kidnapper took the money bag, without being identified. Martin is removed from the case for losing Rs 20 Lakhs of police money.
Later that night, the kidnapper called John and admonishes him for involving the police. He demands another Rs 20 Lakhs as ransom to release Angela. This time John takes Peter's money and goes alone.
John is asked to come to a secluded jungle outside of town, but Martin follows him. The kidnapper asks John to put a garbage bag over his head. It is shown that both the kidnapper and Martin drive past John with the garbage bag over his head.In the meanwhile, John doggedly pieces together the identity of Angela's kidnapper from little bits of information that he collects through his own investigations.
John visits Kumar's (Prakash Belawadi) address and finds the van. John captures Kumar, who says that during the period of Angela's kidnapping he was in prison for drunk driving. He used to rent the van. Kumar was ex-Mary and John asks him for other ex-army men who worked at the LMO. This is how John reaches Manohar's village house and finds a trunk with military clothes, and the bag used to take the ransom money. He finds old, large hospital bills as well. He finds the same markings on the wall which were there on Angela's proof of life photos.
After confirming the identity of the Manohar as Angela's kidnapper, he creates a plan to kidnap Rony. John wanted to seek revenge and justice since Rony's grandfather Manohar (Sabyasachi Chakraborty) was the one who had kidnapped Angela.Since the Modus Operandi was the same, Angela's case file is re-opened. Manohar is then nabbed when, on the instructions of the unknown kidnapper of Rony (which is actually John), he tries to flee with the ransom bag at the railway station.
He is arrested by Sarita who interrogates him in the lock-up, but he refuses to confess that he had kidnapped his own grand-son Rony.
Sarita finds that Manohar used to work at a government office, but he quit suddenly and hence never got any pension or PF benefits. He had no other property except his old house. He didn't want to be dependent on his son-in-law, and hence Rony's kidnapping was his retirement plan.Martin is not convinced and continues to investigate Manohar's story. He claims that he was kept captive in a warehouse before being instructed to pick the money. At the warehouse, Martin finds a CD with Rony's voice on it, with another soft voice instructing Rony what to say.
Martin then takes the ransom calls from Rony's case and Angela's case to a voice analysis expert, who confirms that both voices are exactly the same. This means someone used the call records from Angela's case to create the ransom calls for Rony's family.
The expert also confirms that the soft voice on the CD matches John's voice on the Angela ransom call. Martin also realizes that Manohar's name was on the list that John had prepared of the LMO employees that he suspected.Father Martin finds out that John had kidnapped Rony and confronts him. Rony was alive and unhurt. John had treated him kindly. John requests Martin to arrange a meeting with Manohar. During the meeting, John makes Manohar to confess about the crime committed by him in front of the police. Manohar confesses about the crime committed and is found guilty of his past activities. Manohar confesses that he had kidnapped Angela since he needed money for his daughter's open-heart surgery.It is also revealed that Angela was not murdered while being held captive. Angela escaped from Manohar's van and accidentally fell from a height on to a moving car (which was Martin's) and died. The car was driven by Father Martin Das, who was also injured in the accident.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
John Biswas (Amitabh Bachchan) is a 70-year-old grandfather who visits the police station regularly. He is desperate to find the kidnapper and murderer of his granddaughter Angela, who died eight years ago. Police inspector Sarita Sarkar (Vidya Balan) has no clues about the case. Yet, she continues to search for the perpetrator, despite being discouraged by people all around her and slowly collects evidence.
John's wife Nancy (Padmavati Rao) is sick and uses a wheelchair. Despite personal problems, John is determined not to give up. John also regularly meets Father Martin Das (Nawazuddin Siddiqui), who was a police inspector and was handling the Angela kidnapping case. Father Martin Das tries his best in solving the case, but the guilt of being unsuccessful compelled him to leave his job and become a priest.
One day, eight years after that tragic incident, another boy named Rony is kidnapped. Everything about the kidnapping parallels the kidnapping of Angela. Further investigation reveals that the modus operandi for kidnapping Rony is the same as that of Angela. Inspector Sarita requests Father Martin for assistance in cracking the case. Martin supports partially by providing clues and Sarita, with John, starts investigating the case.
Since the modus operandi was the same, Angela's case file is re-opened. Rony's grandfather, Manohar (Sabyasachi Chakraborty) is arrested when he tries to flee with the ransom at the railway station. Sarita interrogates him in the lock-up, but he says he was acting under the instructions of the real kidnapper.
In the meantime, John doggedly pieces together the identity of Angela's kidnapper from little bits of information that he collects through his own investigations. It is eventually revealed that these scenes take place before Rony's kidnapping, as John discovers that Manohar was the one who had kidnapped Angela and subsequently creates a plan to kidnap Rony to seek revenge and justice.
Father Martin finds out that John kidnapped Rony and confronts him. John requests Martin to arrange a meeting with Manohar. During the meeting, John makes Manohar confess to his crimes. Manohar explains that he kidnapped Angela to pay for his daughter's open heart surgery.
It is revealed that Angela was not murdered — while being held captive, she escaped and accidentally fell from a height on to a moving car and died. The car was driven by Father Martin Das, who was injured in the accident. Manohar is arrested for his crimes. John cries tears of happiness, having avenged Angela's murder as the screen fades out.