It is the late 1950s and Indian Naval Officer Cdr. Rustom Pavri (Akshay Kumar) is happily married to Cynthia Pavri (Ileana D'Cruz). Their marriage hits the rocks when Rustom discovers about his wife's affair with his friend Vikram Makhija (Arjan Bajwa).After returning early from a trip to the seas, Rustom discovers Vikram's love letters in Cynthia's cupboard. While trying to find her, Rustom sees them together. He returns home and waits for Cynthia to return and then confronts her with the love letters but walks away before Cynthia can explain. Rustom then gets himself a pistol from the Naval Ship's Armory and makes a Trunk call to Defense HQ, New Delhi. Afterwards, he searches for Vikram, first in his office and then at his home. After Rustom enters Vikram's bedroom, the servant hears three gun shots and rushes to the room, to discover Vikram's body in a pool of blood and Rustom walking away with the pistol in his hand.Rustom immediately surrenders to the police and Inspector Vincent Lobo (Pawan Malhotra) starts the investigation. He learns that Rustom first met Vikram at rear Admiral Kamat's party. Vikram had knowledge of Navy's acquisition programs & had connections with dealers in the international arms market.After that Rustom made several long trips to London, which were officially secret and hence doesn't divulge his mission. But it was during these absences that Vikram seduces Cynthia.
Vikram's sister Priti Makhija (Esha Gupta) hires the best lawyer in the city, Lakshman Khangani (Sachin Khedekar) to get Rustom the toughest punishment possible. A local newspaper TRUTH publishes the news adding some spice to it, which creates a stir in the city.On the one side the Navy supports its officer and asks the police to hand over his custody to them while on the other side the Parsi community offers help by hiring a good defense lawyer. Rustom refuses everybody's help and decides to fight the case on his own and prefers police custody.
While the Editor in Chief of Truth, Erich Billimoria (Kumud Mishra), creates a sympathetic image for Rustom in public, Rustom's senior Naval officer Rear Admiral Prashant Kamat (Parmeet Sethi) sends two goons to his house to search for a set of documents, but they fail to find anything.Scared, Cynthia rushes to jail to inform Rustom, who hasn't talked to her ever since he is in custody. Rustom finally meets and listens to Cynthia's story, about how she was lonely and upset when Rustom went away to London for many months.
With the connivance of Priti, Vikram took advantage of Cynthia's loneliness and she fell for him. However, on the day of Vikram's murder, Cynthia had already broken-up with him for the sake of her marriage. Vikram cannot bear her spurning him and slaps her hard. She gets injured and walks out of Vikram's house.In the court hearing, Rustom unexpectedly pleads not guilty in front of the Judge Patel (Anang Desai), which leads to a 9-member jury trial.
The crux of the case is whether Commander Rustom shot Vikram in "self-defense" or whether it was premeditated murder.
On Rustom's instructions, Cynthia blackmails Rear Admiral Prashant Kamat for Rs 5 Crores in exchange for the vital documents he needed. She says "Vikram's" cut was Rs5 Cr.In the meantime, Lobo finds out that between visiting Vikram at his office, and then going to his home, Rustom made an urgent trunk call to Delhi. in court Rustom starts proving one by one that the witnesses produced by prosecution are not telling the whole truth. It also emerges that Vikram's secy had aborted his child a year back. Rustom also proves that Vikram was short tempered and always had a gun that he would take out at the slightest provocation. Rustom claims that he took the gun from the armory in self-defense. Kamat transfer the money into a numbered Swiss account provided by Cynthia.In Delhi, Lobo meets the MoD office, whom Rustom called and acquires a copy of the call transcript. In court, Rustom makes the argument that he had gone to Vikram's to see if he would marry Cynthia. Vikram attacked Rustom & Rustom shot him in self-defense.
Lobo produces the transcript in court that shows that Vikram had called MoD stating his intent to kill Vikram. The jury goes into deliberations.At night, Lobo meets Rustom in his cell. Where Rustom tells Lobo that Kamat wanted Navy to buy a garbage aircraft carrier via Vikram. Vikram & Kamat got Rustom posted to London for the official investigation of the craft. Rustom finds that it is not fit for duty & reports the same to Kamat, who offers him Rs 10 Lakh bribe. Rustom reported the matter to the MoD, who was in cahoots with Kamat & Vikram. Hence Rustom planned the murder of Vikram (Rustom had no secret papers, it was all a bluff. He didn't expose Kamat & MoD since that would tarnish Navy's image) but forgot that his call to MoD was recorded. Rustom is convinced that he will be found not guilty.At the culmination of the trial, Rustom is found not guilty by the jury and is freed, much to the joy of the waiting crowd of his supporters outside the Court. Rustom reconciles with Cynthia.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Indian Navy officer Commander Rustom Pavri is happily married to Cynthia Pavri in 1959, 12 years after the independence from the British colonial government in Bombay. Their marriage hits rockbottom when he discovers that she is having an affair with his friend Vikram Makhija. After returning early from his deployment, Rustom discovers Vikram's love letters in Cynthia's cupboard. While trying to find her, Rustom sees them together. He returns home and waits for Cynthia to return and then confronts her with the love letters, but walks away before Cynthia can explain. Rustom then gets himself a pistol from the naval ship's armory and makes a trunk call to K. G. Bakshi at Defence Secretariat, New Delhi. Afterwards, he searches for Vikram, first in his office Imperial Motors and then at his home. After Rustom enters Vikram's bedroom, the servant hears three gunshots and rushes to the room, to discover Vikram dead with three bullets on his chest and Rustom walking away with the pistol in his hand. Rustom immediately surrenders to the Bombay police and Senior Inspector Vincent Lobo starts the investigation.
Vikram's sister Preeti Makhija meets the public prosecutor, Lakshman Khangani to get Rustom the toughest punishment possible. Rustom refuses anybody's help and decides to fight the case on his own and prefers police custody. Rustom's senior naval officer, Rear Admiral Prashant Kamath, sends two goons to Rustom's house to search for a set of critical documents, but they fail to find anything. Scared, Cynthia rushes to jail to inform Rustom, who finally meets and listens to Cynthia's story, about how she was lonely and upset when Rustom went away to London for many months. With the connivance of Preeti, Vikram took advantage of Cynthia's loneliness and she fell for him. However, on the day of Vikram's murder, Cynthia had already broken-up with him for the sake of her marriage. She was slapped by Vikram after she broke up with him and got injured and walked out of Vikram's house.
On Rustom's instructions, Cynthia blackmails Kamath for ₹5 crore in exchange for the vital documents he needed. In the court hearing, Rustom unexpectedly pleads not guilty in front of the Judge Patel, which leads to a 9-member jury trial. At the culmination of the trial, Rustom is found not guilty by the jury since he shot Vikram in self-defence. Meanwhile, it is found that Lobo was in New Delhi and he had met Bakshi to obtain the recording of the trunk call that Rustom had made, which wasn't mentioned about in the entire hearing. When back in Bombay, the trunk call is played, convincing almost everyone that Rustom is guilty, and the court proceedings end for the jury to decide on their opinion.
On the eve of judgement day, Rustom tells Lobo the truth — he was posted in London in 1958 for several months, inspecting an aircraft carrier that the Navy wants to purchase. Rustom found that the carrier's hull was corroded, and it would have to be repaired and modified before the carrier could be transferred to India. Vikram was lobbying for the aircraft carrier to be bought by India, and he, along with Kamath, attempted to bribe him in order to convince him to say that the carrier is seaworthy. When Rustom attempted to notify Bakshi in London, Bakshi also attempted to bribe him and get the carrier to India. Vikram attempted to persuade him and Rustom then slapped him in disgust. Believing him to have shown the power of his uniform, Vikram had seduced Cynthia to show Rustom his power of money and take revenge on him, but never really liked her. Rustom, angry at Vikram's actions, took a pistol from the naval ship's armory, then called Bakshi, telling him he wasn't going to spare Vikram, and that he had papers exposing the carrier's unworthiness for the Navy. Rustom then went to Vikram's house and fatally shot him. Bakshi then sent Kamath to get the documents which Rustom said he had and on Lobo asking for the recording of the trunk call, gave him half of the recording to hide his corruption. Rustom puts it thus that he did not reveal anything about the aircraft carrier so that the Navy would not have to be tainted with a corrupt image. Rustom then reveals that he never actually had any documents relating to the proof that the carrier was damaged.
The next day, the jury's decision of Rustom being not guilty is declared by the judge teary-eyed. Rustom and Cynthia walk out of the court with their heads held high. The film ends with Rustom and Cynthia on a vacation after getting all of the commission that Rustom earned from Bakshi, who later committed suicide in fear of facing trials and treason (involved in the deal at high level) for cutting the tape half. Rustom learned the purchase result after reading in the local newspaper about the new carrier arriving in India (in reference to INS Vikrant) in a robust condition, just as he had wished.