Rumi (Taapsee Pannu) a free-spirited, vivacious young woman and Vicky (Vicky Kaushal), a young man waiting for his music break are in love and they can't stay out of the bedroom. They both live in Amritsar, and Vicky visits Rumi at early hours of the morning, or late at night to have sex with her in her room, by leaping across neighborhood terraces.When they're caught red-handed by Rumi's family, pressure builds up to get married. Rumi is an orphan, but lives in a house with her grandfather (Arun Bali) and Chacha (Akshay Arora), Chachi (Vishavpreet Kaur) and Rumi's cousin Kiran (Ashnoor Kaur) and Babloo (Rupinderjit Singh).
Rumi's family run a sports equipment shop, and Rumi herself had the potential to be a national level hockey player. But she gave up the sport presumably because it reminded her of her father too much.Despite being caught, both Rumi and Vicky are insatiable and continue to meet in her room, till they are caught again.
The family gives Rumi 2 days to produce Vicky with his parents to ask for her hand in marriage. But Vicky has cold feet and keeps avoiding Rumi's request to bring his parents over and ask her hand in marriage. Vicky argues that he needs more time as he has just started his DJ career and needs to focus on the same.
Eventually, Rumi gives up on him and agrees to an arranged marriage via matchmaker Kakaji (Saurabh Sachdeva).That's when Rajbir Robbie Bhatia (Abhishek Bachchan), a banker, enters the love triangle. Robbie is a banker and lives in London. He has come to India to get married. In India, he lives with his father (Swairaj Sandhu), mother (Neelu Kohli) and brother (Vikram Kochhar).Robbie sees Rumi's photo and wants to meet her for a possible wedding. His other option is Lovely Singh (Sukhmani Sadana) who is a dentist and a very homely girl. But Robbie is now besotted with Rumi. Even Robbie's father says that Rumi will be roller coaster ride, but Robbie does not want to play safe in life.
Kakaji knows that Rumi's affair with Vicky is not hidden from anyone. He visits Rumi's grandfather, who says that the affair is over and that he trusts Rumi not to dishonor the family.Rumi decides to elope with Vicky and leaves with him early in the morning before anyone wakes up. She realizes that while Vicky is there for her but has not thought anything for their future. Vicky had no money, no idea where they were going, and has no clue what they will be doing next. Vicky didn't even know if they were headed to Delhi or Shimla. As such they have no option but to go back. Vicky admits that he is not responsible and hence he also shies away from marrying Rumi, but he also says that he is the only one who can satisfy her sexually. They are both equally passionate about sex.
Again, Vicky decides to bring his parents over to ask for Rumi's hand in marriage. Rumi's family have to say no to Robbie's family (who were about to come to meet Rumi later the same day), in a huge embarrassment. But then again, Vicky fails to show up at the last moment and this time Rumi says yes to Robbie.The families meet. Robbie goes to a bar that night, where Vicky confronts him, that Rumi is his. Robbie knows that Vicky was Rumi's boyfriend but won't ask her about it.
Vicky, meanwhile, gets drunk and threatens Kakaji at his home that Rumi will never marry anyone else. When Rumi finds out, she visits Vicky's house and narrates the whole situation to Vicky's parents. She says that she offered to get engaged and Vicky refused, and now he won't let her get married to anyone else.
Vicky's parents also agree with Rumi.On Mehndi night, Vicky again comes by to meet Rumi to stop her decision to marry Robbie. Rumi comes out and insults Vicky but knows that Vicky is right, and she won't be happy with Robbie. The night before the wedding Rumi goes to meet Robbie and tells him that she is not prepared to get married.Vicky's parents now talk to him to stop meddling with Rumi's life as they know Vicky has never fixated on a goal in life. He wants things to be served to him on a platter and has never worked hard for anything in his life. He just wants the trophy without the sweat and blood. Vicky understands their point and steps back from Robbie and Rumi, who get married.
Rumi is on her honeymoon with Robbie in Manali. Rumi consummates her marriage with Robbie on her second night, when she sees that Robbie is not forcing himself upon her. She messages Vicky, who doesn't message her back. Vicky eventually responds with a video of him being in bed with his latest conquest.Rumi returns from her honeymoon early and goes to Vicky and threatens him to stay away as he had his chance, and he blew it. Meanwhile Robbie starts bonding with Rumi. Vicky approaches Rumi in front of Robbie and asks for her back.
Rumi is angry at Vicky and goes to him but ends up having sex with him after seeing his passion for her. Rumi is ashamed of herself for cheating on Robbie. Even then she finds Robbie supportive and willing to wait for her love.
One day Robbie follows Rumi and finds that she has been having sex with Vicky behind his back. he is heartbroken.When Rumi comes back home, Robbie confronts her and asks her to make a choice. The next day Robbie decides to divorce Rumi. Vicky swoops in with a marriage proposal of his own, but this time Rumi realizes her mistake that Robbie was the right guy for her. She tells Vicky to make a career for himself and tells him that he will always be her first love. This allows Vicky to let go of her Rumi.Rumi then goes to divorce court and tries very hard to turn things around with Robbie. She finally succeeds when Robbie invites her to breakfast at the remaining nights of their honeymoon in Manali.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Rumi, a young woman, is in love with Vicky, a part-time DJ. One day they are caught by Rumi’s family and pressure builds for them to marry. Rumi promises her family that Vicky will come with his parents to ask for her hand in marriage and if he doesn't show up, she will marry whomever her family chooses. However, nervous and immature, Vicky repeatedly gets cold feet.
Eventually, she gives up on him and agrees to an arranged marriage with a mature and responsible banker, Robbie. Rumi accepts the proposal but the night before the wedding, refuses to marry, believing Vicky has changed. However, he backs out again.
Robbie and Rumi get married the next day. She becomes comfortable with Robbie.
One day, Vicky shows up to tell Robbie about him and Rumi, she tells Robbie that she wants to stay married to him. He reminds her that she has a choice. She has sex with Vicky the next day. Robbie, suspiciously, follows Rumi and ends up seeing her with Vicky. When asked whom she sees as her love, Rumi is silent. Seeing this, Robbie realises that Rumi has cheated on him, and feels hurt. When confronted, Robbie confesses that he loves Rumi but she and Vicky deserve each other. The next day, Robbie files for an annulment.
Vicky ultimately agrees to marry Rumi and meets her parents, and decides to change his ways. Eventually, Rumi realizes that she is in love with Robbie and Vicky was never the "husband material" she was looking for. She bids Vicky to follow his dreams in Australia. Initially reluctant, Vicky leaves Rumi.
Rumi meets Robbie in court. They sign the papers. On the way, Rumi answers the questions Robbie had asked her. Ultimately, Robbie forgives her and they reconcile.