Shivani Shivaji Roy (Rani Mukerji), a policewoman, attempts to hunt down a young and ferocious man who goes on sexually assaulting and murdering women. The predator keeps on challenging Shivani with his every crime.21-year-old psychopath, Shiv "Sunny" Prasad Yadav (Vishal Jethwa) is a juvenile, who likes to abduct and sexually assault "Nackhchari girls". His latest victim was in Kota, Rajasthan and Brij Shekhawat (Sumit Nijhawan) is the investigating officer.
Shivani, has been appointed as the new Superintendent of Police of Kota, arrives at the crime scene and clashes with her misogynistic subordinate DSP Brij Shekhawat (Sumit Nijhawan). The brutality of Latika's murder disturbs Shivani and makes her more determined to catch the killer.Shivani quickly establishes the brutality the murderer displayed while sexually assaulting and then killing Latika (Tejasvi Singh Ahlawat).Politician Panditji (Prasanna Ketkar) hires Shiv (who is a hit-man from Meerut) to kill a journalist who is creating trouble for him. Shiv watches Shivani vow in a press conference promising the catch the Latika sexual assaulter and murderer.Shiv also has a deep-rooted anger against women who challenge men's authority. He decides to teach Shivani a lesson. He breaks into Shivani's home and steals her Saree. He then uses the same Saree to strangle and hang the Journalist Kamal Parihar (Anurag Sharma). Shivani gets the message that the sexual predator is directly challenging her.He also hires Pravin (Vishal Nath), a tea-seller near the police station, to kill the journalist's wife, Aabha Parihar (Pariva Pranati), in a suicide blast, then takes Pravin's place as tea-seller to keep an eye on Shivani, introducing himself as a mute boy named Bajrang. Then he uses the tea stall owner persona to gain entry into Shivani's office.Once there he finds that Shivani found an eyewitness Lahanya (son of a day laborer) to the car that Shiv used to kill the Tea stall owner and Kamal's wife. Shivani brings the boy into her office to make a sketch. Shiv very smartly uses drugs (mixed inside the boy's milk) to bring the boy into the loo and then murder him.He places the body on railway track which is chopped to pieces. The news leaks that a boy in police protection committed suicide. Shivani is transferred and has 48 hours.
Since the new officer will come after two days, Shivani, along with her teammates, decides to catch Sunny within that time. Shivani makes peace with Shekhawat since his network of informers is very strong in the city, and he leads them to his contact, who reveals that the real mastermind behind the killing of Kamal Parihar is the youth politician Viplav Beniwal (Sunny Hinduja). Shivani arrests Beniwal's right-hand man Kunwar (Girish Sharma) and brutally tortures him into revealing Sunny's whereabouts.Sunny kidnaps another outspoken woman but the police track him down. They discover his victim already sexually assaulted and tortured, but still alive, and manage to save her.Shiv gets advance warning from Panditji and vacates before Shivani arrives, but then injures himself and throws himself in front of Shivani's car. Shivani recognizes him as the tea stall owner and takes him in her car. Once in, Shiv attacks Shivani, who was anticipating this attack. Shiv manages to escape after injuring Shivani. The police find a video of Sunny taken by a bystander and Shivani has it made viral on all social media platforms.Shivani asks the people of Kota to arrest the guy if they see him. Shiv responds by kidnapping Panditji's granddaughter Priyanka (Virti Vaghani) and asking to pressurize Shivani to issue an apology to Shiv on social media. Shivani tracks Shiv via CCTVs all over Kota and manages to rescue the girl before Shiv can do any harm to her.Now Shiv reaches out directly to Panditji's boss Viplaw Beniwal and offers to kill his opposition Sunanda (Richa Meena) in exchange for his own safety and safe passage out of Kota. Shiv challenges Shivani to stop him from sexually assaulting another woman.Brij suggests Shivani that Viplaw has perhaps hired Shiv to murder Sunanda as his party has decided to give a ticket to Sunanda in the upcoming elections and Viplaw wants to stop that at any cost. Shiv abducts Sunanda and hides them near the location where she was abducted, while sending Shivani on a wild goose chase. Shivani refuses to take the bait and uses her wits to track Shiv down.Shiv had occupied a house near the temple where Sunanda was abducted and also taken hostage the daughter of that house and locked them inside a room on the first floor. The parents try to keep Shivani out, but eventually figure out that she is their best chance to save their own daughter. Shivani tries to rescue the ladies but is captured by Shiv. Shivani is knocked unconscious and tied up.When she awakes, Sunny is strangling Sunanda; to distract him, Shivani talks about his mother and his past, which she learned from Sunny's father, who is imprisoned in Meerut. As a child, Sunny's father had tried to murder his mother, who had been an outspoken woman. In terror, Sunny's mother had hidden on the terrace, but Sunny told his father where she was hiding; his father then killed her. The guilt and trauma of his mother's death has since caused Sunny to become unhinged and take that anger out on other similarly confident women.Shivani signals Sunanda and the other hostage to toss the nearby buckets of paint on Sunny, as he is asthmatic. She then gains the upper hand, beating Sunny with his own belt. She kicks him outside and continues beating him as the neighborhood gathers to watch.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
In Kota, Rajasthan, a 21-year-old psychopath named Sunny kidnaps a young outspoken woman named Latika. He brutally tortures, rapes, and then murders her. Shivani Shivaji Roy, who has been appointed as the new Superintendent of Police of Kota, arrives at the crime scene and clashes with her misogynistic subordinate DSP Brij Shekhawat. The brutality of Latika's assault disturbs Shivani and makes her more determined to catch the killer.
Sunny, who has actually come to Kota from Meerut on a killing contract given by politician Govind Mishra a.k.a. Panditji, sees Shivani on TV when she publicly promises to find Latika's killer. He taunts Shivani by sneaking into her home and stealing her sari. He then dresses up as a woman, tricks a journalist named Kamal Parihar, and kills him; he also hires Pravin, a tea-seller near the police station, to kill Kamal's wife, Aabha Parihar, in a suicide blast, then takes Pravin's place as tea-seller to keep an eye on Shivani, introducing himself as a mute boy named Bajrang.
When Shivani brings in Lahanya, a child from the slums who had witnessed the blast, Sunny kills him. Following the media uproar on the failure of the police to catch the murderer, Shivani is set to be transferred from Kota. As the new investigating officer will take charge after two days, Shivani, along with her fellow officers, decide to catch Sunny within that time. Shivani makes peace with Shekhawat since his network of informers is very strong in the city, and he leads them to his contact, who reveals that the real mastermind behind Kamal Parihar's murder is a youth politician named Viplav Beniwal. Shivani arrests Beniwal's right-hand man Kunwar and tortures him into revealing Sunny's whereabouts. Sunny kidnaps another outspoken woman but the police track him down. They discover his victim already raped and tortured, but barely alive, and manage to save her.
Sunny, posing as Bajrang, gets a lift from Shivani. Before he can strangle her, Shivani stops him, having realized that Bajrang is Sunny. The two fight but Sunny escapes. The police finds a video of Sunny taken by a bystander, and Shivani has it made viral across social media. Sunny kidnaps Panditji's granddaughter Priyanka for avenging his disrepute and threatens to kill her unless Shivani apologizes to him in a video made public. Shivani and the police manage to save the girl from the clutches, hardly when another blast happens in the same spot. Shivani gets very less time left in her hand before she should catch Sunny and bring him forward. On the next day, that is on the day of Diwali, Shivani attends a live TV show on a news channel where she is crossed by Amit Sharma, the host, shadowing women's capabilities on grounds conventionally acquired by men. There, Shivani stunningly shuts him down by showing the true shades of what a woman has to go through. When Amit says that just because of the female superintendent, the murder cases are escalating drastically. Shivani answers the questions with wit, and this show is being watched live by Shekhawat and his daughter. Shekhawat is strudded by Shivani's words, and understands how horribly he had thought of Shivani, and realises that women are no less strong. Considering his mistake, Shekhawat mends his ways and agrees to help Shivani. Shivani discovers that Sunny's next target is the female politician Sunanda. That night, amidst the Diwali celebrations, Shivani and her team search for him. She discovers him in the house of a local couple, having taken their daughter and Sunanda hostage. Shivani is knocked unconscious and tied up.
When she wakes up, Sunny is strangling Sunanda; to distract him, Shivani talks about his mother and his past, which she learned from Sunny's father, who is imprisoned in Meerut. As a child, Sunny's father had tried to murder his mother, who had been an outspoken woman. Out of fear, Sunny's mother tried hiding behind a terrace, but Sunny told his father where she was hiding; his father then killed her. The guilt and trauma of his mother's death has since caused Sunny to become unhinged and take that anger out on other similarly confident and strong women by allegedly raping and murdering them.
Shivani signals Sunanda and the other hostage to toss the nearby buckets of paint on Sunny, as he is asthmatic. She then gains the upper hand, beating Sunny with his own belt. She kicks him outside and continues beating him as the neighbourhood gathers to watch. Then, she hands over the belt to Sunanda, who goes on beating him, and the scene ends with Shivani finally devastated and relieved. On the contrary, right behind her, the camera focuses on the Goddess Durga painting, highlighting the high contrary of the society.