The story is set in the heartland of Uttar Pradesh who's political landscape is dominated by two politicians Dubey (Anil George) & Jagat Jiji (Divya Dutta). Babu Bihari (Nawazuddin Siddiqui) is a hit-man hired by both to get rid of their rivals. He kills for a paltry sum of Rs. 20,000, of which 5000 is the commission to a constable who gets him the hit job. Babu is ferocious & has a very direct approach to hitting his target. He has a reputation of clean hits without any fuss.Babu leads a very simple life, lives alone in a shanty in a remote location. One fine day Jiji offers him a hit job of a local muscleman. Babu goes survey the routine of his target. There he comes across Fulwa (Bidita Bag) a Cobbler. He is smitten by her beauty & impressed with her head strong attitude. He tries to court her, but his advances are rejected by her. Meanwhile, he kills his target, which is witnessed by Fulwa.In the police investigation, she refuses to identify him. Babu barges into her home & she stabs him instinctively with a sharp tool. Babu somehow manages to control the damage & tells her that he came because he was curious why she did not divulge any information to the police. She tells her that the guy he just killed & his 2 brothers forced themselves upon her repeatedly. She tells him if he kills rest of the 2 brothers she would spend her entire life with him. Babu promptly kills the 2 remaining brothers.
When he returns for his payment Jiji is furious with him. As he has ruined her plan. It was on the insistence of the younger brother, that she killed the elder brother to forge an alliance with the remaining 2 brothers for upcoming elections. This puts Babu in bad books with Jiji.
Here Babu & Fulwa have a great time & enjoy each other's company. On the other hand, Dubey feels that 3 muscle men (Bahubali) of Jiji are an obstacle to his prospects of winning the election. He gives the contract to kill all 3 Bahubalis to Babu. Babu goes to Jiji & informs her about the contract. He throws an open challenge to her to save her men if she can. He is about to hit his first kill when a bullet is already shot missing its target. In the ensuing chaos, the victim escapes. It turns out that there is another hit-man given the same contract. Babu saves the second hit-man from the enraged mob. The second hit-man is Bakey (Jatin Goswami), who considers Babu as his guru. Although furious at first that he ruined his kill, Babu makes amends with Bakey. They decide to make this as a game. Of the 3 kills whoever scores higher will win & loser will have to leave the profession.Babu scores the first kill. He is about to score the second hit, but a cop loyal to Jiji intervenes. In the ensuing scuffle, Babu is hit in the shoulder. He takes him in his police jeep & just about to depart, Bakey sneaks in as a postman & scores the kill. The cop is furious takes him to a jungle to investigate. Babu is rescued by Bakey & takes him to his home. Fulwa removes the bullet from his body & heals him back to health. She is impressed by his suave looks & strong physique. A chemistry seems to boil among the two, which Babu also notices. Babu offers them to spend a night together, shocked at first Fulwa berates him & walks away. Bakey reluctantly backtracks saying that he was going along with their dance & booze filled merriment. Babu was actually testing their integrity & tells Bakey that if he tries getting closer to Fulwa he would kill him.After recovering from his injury Babu & Bakey collaborate to kill Triloki the last target & closest aide of Jiji. They create a chaos in the rally & abduct him from there in the guise of constables. After killing him they sit near a railway bridge to celebrate their victory. After moments of drunken banter, Bakey reveals that the contract was for 4 people & shoots Babu point blank. Babu falls off the bridge into a cargo train.Next, we see Babu waking up in a hospital with long hair & beard, apparently from a long coma (7 yrs). He clean-up himself & returns back. His cop friend reveals that after the death of Triloki, Jiji got her entire force to his location, set his house on fire, forced upon & burnt Fulwa as well. Babu is completely heartbroken & swears vengeance for the blood of all the traitors. The first locates Bakey & just as he is about to kill him, Bakey explains that he just executed his contract, principally Babu respect that. He spares his life because Bakey had saved his life in past. Bakey tells him that Dubey revealed his address to Jiji. Thereafter he goes on a killing spree & kills all his nemesis. At the end, the secretary of Dubey (who now owns his empire) gives Babu one more contract. Babu refuses & says that he has left the business. He gives him an address & tells him that he has a strong motive to take this contract.Babu goes to the address & instinctively avoids getting stabbed from a sharp tool, unmistakably from Fulwa. He is surprised to see her alive and she also has his son. Then comes Bakey. It is then revealed that Bakey & Fulwa fell in love the moment they met. Fulwa gives Bakey contract to kill Babu. Babu kills Bakey by tricking him into Russian roulette styled game. He kills Fulwa as well for her betrayal and burns both of them on pyre and keeps the child. In the end, the child shoots Babu in the end for killing Fulwa and Bakey.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
In Uttar Pradesh's political landscape, dominated by rivals Dubey and Jiji, Babu Bihari works as a hitman for both. He charges ₹20,000 per hit, giving ₹5,000 to the constable who arranges the job. Known for his ferocity and clean, straightforward kills, Babu lives simply in a remote shanty. Jiji assigns Babu to kill a local muscleman. While surveying his target, Babu meets Phulwa, a cobbler. Attracted by her beauty and strong personality, he attempts to court her but is rejected. Babu proceeds with the hit, which Phulwa witnesses.
Phulwa doesn't identify Babu to the police. He confronts her; she stabs him in self-defense. Babu learns the victim and his brothers had raped Phulwa. She promises Babu anything if he kills the remaining brothers, which he does. Upon return, Jiji is furious as Babu unknowingly ruined her political alliance plans with the brothers, souring their relationship.
Babu and Phulwa have sex. Dubey hires Babu to kill Jiji's three men. Babu informs Jiji, challenging her to protect them. During the first attempt, another hitman with the same contract, Banke (Babu's admirer), interferes. They decide to compete: whoever kills more of the three targets wins; the loser quits. Babu kills one, Banke the second. While injured, Babu is cared for by Phulwa. Babu tests Phulwa and Banke by offering them a night together, which they refuse. Babu and Banke collaborate to kill the third target, Triloki. After succeeding, they celebrate. Banke reveals there was a fourth target and shoots Babu, who falls into a passing train.
Next, we see Babu waking up in a hospital with long hair and a beard, apparently from a long coma. He cleans himself up and returns. His cop friend reveals that after the death of Triloki, Jiji got her entire force to his location, set his house on fire, killing Phulwa as well. Babu is completely heartbroken and swears vengeance for the blood of all the traitors. He first locates Banke and just as he is about to kill him, Banke explains that he just executed his contract, and principally Babu should respect that. He spares his life because Banke had saved his life in the past. Banke tells him that Dubey revealed his address to Jiji. Thereafter, he goes on a killing spree and kills all his enemies. In the end, the secretary of Dubey (who now owns his empire) gives Babu one more contract. Babu refuses and says that he has left the business. He gives him an address and tells him that he has a strong motive to take this contract.
Babu goes to the address and instinctively avoids getting stabbed with a sharp tool, unmistakably from Phulwa. He is surprised to see her alive, and she also has his son. Then comes Banke. It is then revealed that Banke and Phulwa fell in love and had sex unknowing to Babu. It was Phulwa who gave Banke the contract to kill Babu. Babu kills Banke by tricking him into a Russian roulette-styled game. He kills Phulwa as well for her betrayal and burns both of them on a pyre, and keeps the child. In the end, we see Babu raising the child after pledging to stay away from crime. One day while going through the notebook of the child, he finds that the child has drawn a picture of a family in it (mom, dad and child). While looking at the picture, his eyes suddenly widen in surprise as he sees the same child approaching him with a gun held up. In the end, a shot is heard with the words "What goes around comes around."