After sending Bholi Punjaban (Richa Chadda) to jail, Fukrey Boys Vikas Gulati / Hunny (Pulkit Samrat), Dilip Singh / Choocha (Varun Sharma), Zafar (Ali Fazal) and Lali (Manjot Singh) are doing well. But their success in life still depends on Choocha's dreams. A frustrated Bholi is in jail since a year and can't arrange for her bail as her criminal activities have stopped and there is no source of income.
Priya (Priya Anand) is Hunny's girlfriend and Neetu (Vishakha Singh) is dating Zafar. Choocha tries dating other women and goes out with Katty (Sanjana Sanghi) (a date set up by Hunny), to a zoo. At the zoo, Choocha is close to a tiger and its cub. Katty runs away when Choocha asks her to use her artificial nails to scratch his back.Bholi contacts minister Babulal Bhatia (Rajiv Gupta) to bail her out. In return Babulal tells her that she should pay him 10 Crore within 10 days of her release or else on 11th day she will be back in jail. Babulal also asks Bholi for one "no questions asked" favor in the future that she cannot refuse.
Bholi Punjaban is released from jail after 12 months. Bholi tracks Hunny, Choocha, Zafar and Lali (along with their acquaintance Narayan Pandit "Panditji" (Pankaj Tripathi)) and tells them as they were responsible for her arrest, they should arrange the bail amount by opening a fraud finance company which will benefit them as well as the people.The scheme is that the gang will open a company promising 100% returns to investors. The money will be invested in lottery, based on a number dreamed by Choocha. The payout will be 1:10, while the gang will pay its investors 1:2. The remaining funds will go to Bholi Punjaban.
Choocha begins to distribute leaflets around the city and more people invest. Meanwhile, Minister Babulal Bhatia who belongs to Janta Vikas Party, argues with the CM over the next election and bets him to win. The police around the city conduct raids on drugs and fake lottery shops.Babulal plays a part and puts the company into losses. When he comes to know of the Fukrey plans he manipulates the state lottery to give a different number from what they had bet on. The company loses all its money. Then Babulal spreads the news that the company has lost all the money, and now Fukrey are on the run from its investors.The Quatro jump into the Yamuna to escape the mobs. They regain consciousness at a construction area and are spotted by Panditji.Choocha is bitten by a cobra and taken to the hospital by Hunny and Lali. Choocha discovers that he has a new ability to see the future and calls his new ability Deja Chu. He proves this when he saves Hunny's life from a falling fan that he predicts accurately.
Choocha dreams of a tiger and a treasure in a cave. Nearby, a tiger cub is stolen from the local zoo. Fukreys are about to rescue it when they are picked up by Bholi's men. Hunny tells the story of the tiger to Bholi; she orders that the kidneys be removed for the Fukreys to pay for the fiasco. She stops only when Choocha predicts accurately that the man going before him for Kidney extraction has only 1 kidney and he would die if kidney is extracted. That turns out to be true and Bholi stops the extraction for the Fukreys.Fukreys agree to split the treasure with Bholi if she agrees to pay off the Rs 8.4 Crores collected from the people of Delhi. Bholi starts returning the money. When Babulal finds out, he asks Bholi to deliver the Fukreys to him and Bholi has no option but to comply. Babulal fears that people will recover their money, so he invites the boys to his residence. Panditji is sent in disguise to keep an eye on them. At dinner, the boys are forced to take an oath to help Babulal for their welfare in return. The next day, the boys take the blame instead of Babulal who misused people's money.Bholi finds out that the lottery was owned by Babulal and that he was the one who changed the lottery number to make Bholi lose the money. She is now worried that Babulal knows about the treasure. She talks to the Fukreys who say that they never told Babulal about the treasure. So, Zafar figures that Babulal offered the deal to the Fukreys to win the upcoming election. Bholi goes to the CM and exposes the fact that Babulal runs the state lottery. The CM wants to be rid of Babulal and orders raids on his establishments.Babulal returns the money owed by Fukreys to the people of Delhi, and then comes to know of the raids by the police. Babu confronts Bholi, who admits to her role in the entire scam. When Babu threatens to kill her, she reveals the truth about the treasure to Babu. Babu allows Bholi to search for the treasure with Fukreys.So, the gang enters the sewers of Delhi, following the meager hints from Choocha's dreams. After a long search they reach an abandoned warehouse which is full of large volumes of household appliances.
Upon further investigation they figure that the stuff belongs to Babu, who had stolen it during the CWG scam. Now Bholi plays her card and calls Babu to the location. Babu is furious that the treasure the Fukreys have found is the stuff that he himself had stolen. But the entire proceeding is recorded on cameras and Babu is personally arrested by the CM of the state.Babu is taken away and Hunny convinces the CM to give the Fukreys the contract to sell the contraband stuff to the public on behalf of the state. Choocha proposes to Bholi to which she responds with a kiss, surprising everyone. Later, the four friends inaugurate an electronics shop with the products they found in the warehouse. Zafar marries Neetu in Goa.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
After their admission into college, life in Delhi is enjoyable for Vikas "Hunny" Gulati, Dilip "Choocha" Singh, Lali, and Zafar. Hunny and Zafar are dating Priya and Neetu respectively, planning to marry them.
Bholi Punjaban is released from jail after 12 months. She sends her henchmen to fetch the quartet. The four are brought to her place along with their acquaintance Pandit. She asks them about their plan to fool her. As the boys convince her, she gives them one chance and invests some money to open a Lottery Shop for them. People are given numbers to which they invest some money. Choocha begins to distribute leaflets around the city and more people invest. Meanwhile, Minister Babulal Bhatia who belongs to Janta Vikas Party, argues with the CM over the next election and bets him to win. The police around the city conduct raids on drugs and fake lottery shops. After finding out the quartet's shop, Babulal orders the lottery to change the winning number that Choocha got from his dream, and everyone who invested money is angered. The people gather around to beat them but they escape by jumping off a flyover in the river. They regain consciousness at a construction area and are spotted by Panditji.
Choocha discovers that he has a new ability to see the future, and calls his new ability Deja Chu. He sees a tiger in a cave & boxes that they believe to contain treasure in his latest Deja Chu. The group is later caught by Bholi who is angered due to their foolishness, and orders to kill them, but Choocha's Deja Chu impresses her and she forgives them. Bholi asks them to find the treasure to which they agree if she releases them. Babulal fears that people will recover their money so he invites the boys to his residence. Panditji is sent in disguise to keep an eye on them. At dinner, the boys are forced to take an oath to help Babulal for their welfare in return. The next day, the boys take the blame instead of Babulal who misused people's money while Bholi goes to the CM to hand some factory papers related to Babulal and after the boys leave, police arrive and raid all the lottery shops in Delhi. The boys return home and see the disappointment in their loved ones. They decide to scheme up to earn more money. The next day, at Pandit's place, Choocha is forced to see a dream where Lali holds a tiger cub.
Meanwhile, Babulal discovers Bholi's plan and ambushes her place. However, he forgives her murder on the pretext to find the treasure. To do so, Bholi calls Hunny for it who requests a tiger cub which she sold. The four friends and Bholi's guards return to the park where they are joined by Priya and Neetu. They dig a hole and enter a cave where they are spotted by the cub's mother. However, after escaping, they are led to a factory with huge stack of illegal goods. They learns that the products are worth ₹ 400 million. Babulal arrives at the place only to discover that the warehouse actually contains Babulal's trade inventory. He is angered and orders to banish them but the police arrive on the scene; while estimating worth, Zafar called the police knowing Babulal bought this from China. Choocha proposes to Bholi to which she responds with a kiss, surprising everyone. Later, the four friends inaugurate an electronics shop with the products they found in the warehouse. The film ends with Zafar marrying Neetu in Goa.