Mauji (Varun Dhawan), an incompetently illiterate young man, has inconvenient work and individual life.
His late grandfather used to work as a tailor in the neighborhood handicraft business. The trade eventually shut down, leaving Mauji's family on the verge of bankruptcy. His father Parasram now works as a government employee and is about to retire.Mauji works at a shop that sells sewing machines and his boss Mr Bansal & his son Prashant (Ashish Verma) constantly ridiculed and demean him for their amusement.His father Parasram (Raghubir Yadav) never stops cursing him, and he has not even touched his wife Mamta's (Anushka Sharma) hand despite being married for years due to lack of space at home.
Mauji lives with his father and mother Nimmo (Yamini Das). But he always carries himself with a big smile despite facing odds. "Sab Badiya Hai". He is also a skilled tailor and often does small mending jobs on a sewing machine borrowed from his neighbor and friend Yogesh (Mahesh Sharma).Jugnu (Mauji's brother) (Sawan Tank), Jugnu's wife (Manukriti Pahwa) and their son live separately but use Mamta as a babysitter for their kid.
While attending the wedding of one of Mauji's employers, Mamta witnesses the kind of treatment her husband receives at work, which leaves her visibly upset. She urges him to revive the family trade, insisting that self-respect is more important than money. Mauji brushes this suggestion off, aware of the risks associated with it. Even so, her words play on his mind and he ends up quitting his job after reaching his breaking point with his boss, much to Parasram's disapproval.Although he appears to be a useless man, Mauji is a champion in the art of tailoring, which his father Parasram believes to be a disadvantageous mode of occupation. However, being fed-up of licking his boss' boots and getting motivation from Mamta, Mauji decides to self-employ himself and set off with his sewing machine. Although his parents are strictly against his decision, Mauji receives constant support from his wife Mamta.
Mauji's younger brother Jugnu, who lives separately with his wife and son in the same locality, informs him of a clerical job in Meerut. Mauji declines it and sets up his sewing machine at an open spot in the market, which is owned by the municipality.Mamta and Mauji also advertise their services in the nearby market. But then Mauji's mom has a heart attack, and the pressure grows on him to get a job as the medical care eats away at his dad's meager PF savings. Mauji makes a maxi for her mother's stay at the hospital. It is such a hit that everyone gives a Rs 500 advance for a new maxi made by Mauji. He gets almost Rs 5000. He and Mamta get the cloth for the order, but then Yogesh who had given them the sewing machine asks for a 40% cut, which Mauji refuses after a scuffle. Yogesh takes his sewing machine back.Mauji learns of a government scheme for a free sewing machine if one proves that they are a tailor. Mauji and Mamta travel 40 Kms to the test, but Mauji injures his foot & is at a pharmacy and Mamta has to go inside alone for the test when her number comes. After much hassle Mauji convinces an official to go inside the test hall to take his seat. Finally, they get their sewing machine.Mauji's mom is discharged from hospital, but the bill is Rs 1.5 Lakhs, which is more than what the family can afford. They call in Jugnu's brother-in-law Guddu (Namit Das), who knows the hospital administration & gets them an undercover deal for Rs 70,000. Guddu also arranges for Mauji to become a contract tailor for the hospital's registrar. The registrar cuts the bill to Rs 70,000 but gave no receipt.But, then instead of offering them a contract to manufacture the hospital gowns under the label of the clothing company he works at, the factory offers employment at Rs 8,000 per month to Mauji and Mamta. Mamta doesn't trust Guddu but goes with Mauji's instincts to take the job, knowing that they are in dire need of the money. The owner of the company, Harleen Bedi (Pooja Sarup), is a cunning woman who takes advantage of their gullible nature, resulting in them handing over the rights to their clothing and embroidery designs.
Harleen sells it to the hospital for Rs 500. The next time Mauji's mom visits the hospital, they charge him Rs 2000 for the same maxi. Mauji becomes increasingly discontent at having been duped and picks a fight with Guddu. Mauji is fired & they don't even return Mauji's sewing machine.Mamta suggests that to get justice, they should enter the annual Raymond Fashion Fund competition for upcoming designers, which Harleen is also participating in. They name the company Sui Dhaaga, Made in India.After their initial designs are shortlisted by the jury, they approach all the former artisans in the neighborhood to help them out and participate in the final fashion show. Eventually, Parasram also comes around and lends a hand.On the day of the fashion show, Mauji's handmade designs and daily workers go up against big labels and foreign models. Their clothes are highly appreciated by everyone for their originality. Shortly before the results are announced, two of the judges let slip that while any other designer in their place would have easily won, their lack of experience worked against them.Crestfallen, the team makes their way back to catch the bus home. Meanwhile, the judges re-evaluate their decision and declare Team Sui Dhaaga as the winners. Everyone is called back and as they all walk the ramp again, Mauji and Mamta are elated at having their dreams finally come true.It is shown that the family is free from their financial struggles.
Sui Dhaaga becomes a global brand. Mauji & Mamta get to tell their story on many high-profile forums and open up a tailoring school for budding entrepreneurs.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Mauji Sharma is a small-town man who lives with his parents and wife Mamta. His late grandfather used to work as a tailor in the neighbourhood handicraft business. The trade eventually shut down, leaving Mauji's family on the verge of bankruptcy. His father Parasram now works as a government employee and is about to retire. Mauji is an errand boy in a shop that sells sewing machines, where he is constantly ridiculed and demeaned for the amusement of his boss. He secretly bemoans the fact that his interactions with Mamta are very limited owing to the lack of space, and her being perpetually busy with household duties. In spite of all this, he is a good-natured and optimistic person. He is also a skilled tailor and often does small mending jobs on a sewing machine borrowed from his neighbour and friend Yogesh.
While attending the wedding of one of Mauji's employers, Mamta witnesses the kind of treatment her husband receives at work, which leaves her visibly upset. She urges him to revive the family trade, insisting that self-respect is more important than money. Mauji brushes this suggestion off, aware of the risks associated with it. Even so, her words play on his mind and he ends up quitting his job after reaching his breaking point with his boss, much to Parasram's disapproval.
After Mauji's mother suffers from a heart attack, the family is thrown into deep waters as with Parasram now retired, they cannot afford the treatment. Mauji's younger brother Jugnu, who lives separately with his wife and son in the same locality, informs him of a clerical job in Meerut. Mauji declines it, and with his wife's support, sets up a roadside tailoring shop in the town market area. He stitches a hospital gown for his mother, which Mamta embroiders. The garment attracts the attention of other patients who also demand one, prompting the two to devise a new moneymaking scheme. Jealous of Mauji's success, Yogesh takes his sewing machine back. The couple journey across the state border to successfully obtain a sewing machine distributed to the underprivileged by the Government.
Mauji's activities in the hospital come to the notice of the authorities. Jugnu's brother-in-law Guddu, who is friendly with the staff, asks him and Mamta to manufacture the hospital gowns under the label of the clothing company he works at. He also offers them both jobs at the factory. After much deliberation, the two take the job, knowing that they are in dire need of the money. The owner of the company, Harleen Bedi, is a cunning woman who takes advantage of their gullible nature, resulting in them handing over the rights to their clothing and embroidery designs. Mauji becomes increasingly discontent at having been duped and picks a fight with Guddu. He is thrashed and thrown out of the factory; Mamta quietly follows suit.
Utterly humiliated, the couple decides to enter themselves into the annual Raymond Fashion Fund competition for upcoming designers, which Harleen is also participating in. They name their company Sui Dhaaga: Made in India. After their initial designs are shortlisted by the jury, they approach all the former artisans in the neighbourhood to help them out and participate in the final fashion show. Eventually, Parasram also comes around and lends a hand. On the day of the fashion show, their clothes are highly appreciated by everyone for their originality. Shortly before the results are announced, two of the judges let slip that while any other designer in their place would have easily won, their lack of experience worked against them.  Crestfallen, the team makes their way back to catch the bus home. Meanwhile, the judges re-evaluate their decision and declare Team Sui Dhaaga as the winners. Everyone is called back and as they all walk the ramp again, Mauji and Mamta are elated at having their dreams finally come true.
As the end credits roll, it is shown that the family is free from their financial struggles, Sui Dhaaga's designs are being marketed all over the world, and Mauji and Mamta have opened up a tailoring school to encourage others like them to become self-reliant.