Rohan Sachdev (Tiger Shroff), a hardworking student of the Pishorilal Chamandas College in Mussoorie, is in a relationship with Mridula Chawla (Tara Sutaria). Rohan aims to be crowned Student of the Year at the annual Dignity cup inter-college competition between the 8 colleges of Dehradun & Mussoorie. But over everything else, he yearns for Mridula's love. Mridula and Rohan have studied together since 1st class.Pishorilal Chamandas has Principal (Ayesha Raza Mishra) and head coach Mahipal (Manoj Pahwa). The college has always been coming last in the Dignity cup and Rohan believes it Is because the coach and the students don't give it any proper importance or attention.They are separated when Mridula transfers to St. Teresa's, a college in Dehradun for the wealthy and privileged. Rohan is unable to afford their fees of Rs 20 Lakhs and is left back. To be together with Mridula, he applies for a scholarship under the sports quota in the college and manages to gain admission.Meanwhile, Mridula has changed her identity and rechristened herself Mia Chawla to fit in with others at her new college. Upon meeting Rohan, she initially stays away from him.
St. Teresa has Principal Gujral (Samir Soni) and Coach Kuljeet (Gul Panag).Rohan is introduced to Manav Singh Randhawa (Aditya Seal), a rich and affluent student two-time winner of the Student of the Year Cup. The two become quick friends, but Rohan remains at loggerheads with Manav's sister Shreya Randhawa (Ananya Panday), who detests him. On his first day at school, Rohan insults Shreya by pointing out that she is slow at dance and then performs the same steps with the perfect tempo.
Shreya plays a prank on Rohan by saying that he should show his triceps and 6-pack to Kuljeet to impress her but turns out she is a lesbian.Mia soon begins a relationship again with Rohan, when Rohan starts competing for a spot in the annual inter school Dignity cup and starts excelling and becoming popular. Rohan runs the 100 meters dash and creates a new school record beating Manav.
Manav beats Rohan at Kabaddi. Manav invites Mia and Rohan to his birthday party at his dad's club. Rohan's friends from Pishorilal, also show up at the club at the same time (but Manav's private party was going on inside), hoping that Rohan would get them in, but he refuses.Shreya tells the guys that Rohan got them into the club and tells them that the birthday is of Rohan's friend Manasvi. The guys get in, Shreya invites them on stage, and they sing a birthday song for "Manasvi". Manav's friends intervene and throw them out, while Rohan watches helplessly. The friends believe that Rohan intentionally embarrassed them to impress his new crowd at his new college.Mia is angry at Rohan for still associating with his old friends and wants him to choose. Shreya is hit by her father when Rohan complains about her behavior to the principal. Rohan is aghast and apologizes to Shreya.The college announces a dance competition; Rohan and Mia are set up against Manav and Shreya. Mia wishes to win the contest and attain popularity, while Shreya wants to convince her tyrannical father Randhawa (Chetan Pandit) of her ability in dance and enroll in a dance school in London.
Manav and Shreya win the contest after Mia falters during a step. When Rohan goes to console Mia, he finds her hugging Manav. Rohan punches Manav when he sees this and considers it a betrayal of their friendship.The next day, for slapping the son of a school trustee, Rohan is expelled from the college and is later brutally beaten up by Manav and his friends and knocked out of the college unconscious. Manav says that he wanted Rohan to be his sidekick, but he realized that Rohan wanted to sideline him and become the hero of the college himself.Rohan returns to Pishorilal Chamandas College. Initially discouraged, he eventually comes back and challenges Manav for the Student of the Year trophy. Manav retorts that he will destroy Rohan's dream by posing with Rohan's girl and the Student of The Year trophy for a 3rd year in a row.Meanwhile, Shreya falls in love with Rohan. Shreya, impressed by his sincerity, helps him make amends with his old friends. Shreya admits to them that she misled the guys (to let them believe that Rohan got them into the club, when it was her) and caused a rift between old friends.She finds out that Mia deliberately missed her step so that Manav could win the dance competition. Shreya assures Rohan that she had no clue about the conspiracy hatched by Manav to win the dance competition. She encourages Rohan to enter a national dance competition to go up against Manav & Mia. Rohan accepts and they spend a lot of time together practicing. She is impressed with Rohan's love for Mia and falls in love with him herself. Manav warns Shreya that Rohan is doing to this to get to him, but Shreya retorts that Rohan respects women, unlike Manav.Just when Shreya professes her love for Rohan, Mia comes back and tells Rohan that she loves him and that Manav has left her, as he was only using her to get to Rohan. Eventually the 3 decide to be friends.Rohan tells Mia's dad about her talents, and he finally appreciates her talent and decides to send her to dance school in London. Mia tries to get close to Rohan, and he reciprocates, only to realize that he really loves Shreya. Mia tries to convince Rohan to get back with her, but Shreya insists against it and an argument starts between Mia and Shreya where the latter accidentally spills coffee over the former.During an inter-school multi-event tournament, a fight breaks out between Pishorilal and St. Teresa's students, ending in Rohan's teammate Abhishek being badly injured. At the hospital, Mia holds Rohan's hand in front of Shreya to show that they had reconciled. She apologizes to Mia and after blessing them with happiness, she leaves. Rohan follows her and professes his love, but she refuses.Pishorilal manages to climb up the ranks and reach the final against St. Teresa. On the second night, Mia tries to kiss Rohan, but he refuses, saying that it was time to focus on accomplishing something. Although upset, she decides to support him, and they become friends.Before the final, he confesses his love to Shreya again, which she accepts when he tells her that Mia was just a friend. Shreya and Mia support Pishorilal in the match. Rohan helps his team fight and win the tournament, defeating St. Teresa. Rohan and Shreya embrace, while Mia leaves smiling, knowing that Rohan's dream of being the Student of the Year will now come true. Pishorilal celebrates their first-ever victory, and Rohan becomes the Student of the Year, leaving Manav upset.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Rohan Sachdev, a middle-class student from Pishorilal Chamandas College, transfers to the prestigious St. Teresa's College to reunite with his childhood crush, Mridula "Mia" Chawla. Initially mocked by the elite students, Rohan quickly gains popularity through his athletic talent and begins dating Mia. He becomes friends with Manav Singh Randhawa, the current holder of the "Student of the Year" title and son of a major school donor, and clashes with Manav’s sister, Shreya.
During a dance competition, Rohan and Mia lose to Manav and Shreya. Rohan later discovers Mia and Manav in an intimate moment and confronts Manav. For striking the trustee’s son, Rohan is expelled and beaten by Manav's group. After a period of discouragement, Rohan returns to Pishorilal and rekindles his friendship with former classmates. Shreya, having grown sympathetic toward Rohan, asks him to partner with her for a dance competition. The two gradually fall in love.
Meanwhile, Mia seeks forgiveness from Rohan for her past actions. Though she initially attempts to rekindle their relationship, Rohan maintains his focus on the tournament. Shreya and Mia support Rohan’s efforts, with Rohan eventually accepting Shreya's love.
Pishorilal advances to the finals against St. Teresa’s. In the climactic match, Rohan leads his team to victory, defeating Manav and securing the "Student of the Year" title. Rohan and Shreya reconcile, while Mia departs on a positive note, happy for his success.