IRS officer Amay Patnaik (Ajay Devgn), has just been transferred to Lucknow as Deputy Commissioner of Income Tax, where he lives happily with his wife Malini (Ileana D'Cruz). Amay is a stickler for rules and often says that one should be proud of following the rules and should never have to apologize for it. Amay lives within his means, doesn't accept gifts or favors and has only those taste that he can afford on his meager income. Due to his honesty and integrity, Amay has been transferred 49 times in 7 years.One day, he receives an anonymous tip about black money hoarded by (Member of Parliament) Rameshwar Singh (Saurabh Shukla), the don of Sitagarh, who had evaded income tax for a long time. Amay conducts a thorough investigation himself to understand Rameshwar's tax evasion and his illegal businesses, where he generates a significant income. Amay is convinced that Rameshwar is guilty of tax evasion but doesn't know where the black money has been hidden. The anonymous caller says that Amay will get all the information once he starts the raid in the home.Amay takes permission for the raid from his boss Shyam Bihari Lal (Udayvir Singh), Director General of Income Tax, who sits in Delhi. Shyam gently advises Amay that he is putting his career on the line with the raid and asks him to be careful.
Amay and his team, after much planning, head to Sitagarh. Lallan Sudhir (Amit Sial), Mukta Yadav (Gayathri Iyer) and Satish Mishra (Amit Bimrot) are Amay's IRS colleagues on the raid with him.
Amay knew that Lallan was the mole in his team and was giving advance information of the raids to the targets. So, this time, Amay says that the name of the targets will only be revealed on the way to the raid.Rameshwar lives in a palatial bungalow (nicknamed the "White House") with mother Ammaji (Pushpa Joshi), 3 younger brothers Suraj (Geeta Agarwal) Anubhav (Pravin Singh Sisodia) and Rakesh (Ravi Khanvilakar), Anubhav's wife Reema (Geeta Agarwal) and Rakesh's wife Prabha (Sheeba Chaddha). Son Shashi (Devas Dixit) and Shashi's wife Tara (Sulagna Panigrahi) and lastly 2 sisters Jaya (Saurabhi Singh) and Sushma (Simran Nisha).
When the target is revealed to Amay's team, some members refuse to be part of the raid as they consider Rameshwar to be their Godfather.At Rameshwar's bungalow, Amay and his team face opposition from Rameshwar's very hostile family, but he holds up to his ideals and integrity. Amay goes by procedure, and disconnects the phone lines of the house, and invites 2 neutral witnesses to observe the raid. During the raid, nobody is allowed into and out of the house.
Amay searches every nook and cranny of the house with his team to find the black money without any success. Even Ammaji's room and the water storage tank of the house are searched. Even the temple room of the house is searched.
After a few hours of searching, when all hope seems lost, he receives an anonymous letter (Amay had to remove his leather wallet before entering the temple, the letter was in his wallet when he returned to pick it up), along with a map, revealing the location of the money in the house. Amay and his team break down the walls, ceilings, staircases and old storerooms (with the help of the map) to find assets worth Crores.
Rameshwar tries to bribe Amay but is rebuffed. MP Rameshwar, not willing to accept defeat, goads Amay into letting him leave the house.Rameshwar then meets the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh (R.C. Pathak), who refuses any help as the Income Tax department is under the control of the Central Government and the raid is legal. The Central Finance Minister Raman Kumar (Anil Rastogi) is persuaded to call Amay but is promptly rebuffed. Amay refuses to wrap up the raid till the recovery of illegal assets comes close to the estimated amount.
A relentless Rameshwar meets several MPs, politicians, senior officers and even the Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi (Flora Jacob), but to no avail. The PM refuses to meet Rameshwar for a little tax related matter. Rameshwar then rallies his political support and threatens to topple the state cabinet unless the Prime Minister agrees to meet him. As the raid continues for a 3rd consecutive night, the PM and Rameshwar meet.The PM calls Amay and asks him to look for other legal options; Amay agrees to comply, as long as she furnishes a signed order through fax ordering Amay and his team to stop the raid, effectively negating the request. Amay says that he cannot ascertain on the phone if it is really the PM of the nation calling, and hence is requesting for the orders in writing.
The PM realizes that a written order pressurizing the IRS Officer to stop the raid may reach the media and the Government may be brought into disrepute. She refuses to help and sends Rameshwar away. Rameshwar tells the PM that he is a respected man in his region, and if the news of the raid gets public, his fear in the region will evaporate. After Rameshwar leaves, the PM asks her PA to keep her informed regarding Amay.Frustrated, Rameshwar upon exhausting his political options, tries the tack of attacking Amay's wife Malini, who narrowly escapes.
On hearing this, Amay becomes furious but decides to control his anger.Finally, on the 4th day, at noon, Rameshwar sends his henchmen to kill Amay and his team. A long battle ensues and a nearly defeated Amay is saved in the nick of time by a special police force sent in by the PM.
Rameshwar is arrested and before being led away in handcuffs, he asks Amay about the identity of his informer. Amay refuses to divulge that information. It revealed that Rameshwar's youngest daughter-in-law Tara was the informer; she and her lover wanted revenge on Rameshwar for forcing her to marry his impotent son as part of a political deal.
Rameshwar is seen wondering about the informer's identity in prison while Amay gets transferred to another city, with hopes of a brighter future.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
The film focuses on an Indian Revenue Service (IRS) officer Amay Patnaik, who has just been transferred to Lucknow as Deputy Commissioner of Income Tax, where he lives happily with his wife Malini. One day, he receives an anonymous tip about black money hoarded by (Member of Parliament) Rameshwar Singh, the don of Sitagarh, who had evaded income tax for a long time. So, Amay and his team, after much planning, head to Sitagarh. There he and his team face opposition from Rameshwar's very hostile family, but he holds up to his ideals and integrity. He searches every nook and cranny of the house with his team to find the black money without any success. After a few hours of searching, when all hope seems lost, he receives an anonymous letter, along with a map, revealing the location of the money in the house. Amay and his team break a statue to find stacks of money inside the statue, Moreover, When Tauji brings out his gun to shoot Amay, He accidentally fired on the ceiling revealing the assets Amay was searching for. Amay and his team broke down more walls, ceilings, staircases and old storerooms to find assets worth crores (tens of millions). As an act of mercy, Amay let Tauji leave the house to stop the raid as he was confident that he will take the assets before Tauji stops the raid.
He then meets the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, who refuses any help as the Income Tax department is under the control of the Central Government and the raid is legal. The Central Finance Minister is persuaded to call Amay but is promptly rebuffed. A relentless Rameshwar meets several MPs, politicians, senior officers and even the Prime Minister of India, but to no avail. He then rallies his political support and threatens to topple the state cabinet unless the Prime Minister agrees to meet him. As the raid continues for a 3rd consecutive night, the PM and Rameshwar meet. The PM calls Amay and asks him to look for other legal options; Amay agrees to comply, as long as she furnishes a signed order through fax ordering Amay and his team to stop the raid, effectively negating the request. The PM realises that a written order pressurizing the IRS Officer to stop the raid may reach the media and the Government may be brought into disrepute. She refuses to help and sends Rameshwar away. Frustrated, Rameshwar upon exhausting his political options, tries arranging an attack on Malini, who narrowly escapes. On hearing this, Amay becomes furious but manages to control his anger.
Finally, on the 4th day, at noon, Rameshwar sends his henchmen and the locals to kill Amay and his team. A long battle ensues and a nearly defeated Amay is saved in the nick of time by a special police force sent in by the PM. Rameshwar is arrested and before being led away in handcuffs, he asks Amay about the identity of his informer. Amay refuses to divulge this. It is revealed that Rameshwar's youngest daughter-in-law was the informer; she and her lover wanted revenge on Rameshwar for forcing her to marry his impotent son as part of a political deal. Rameshwar is seen wondering about the informer's identity in prison while Amay gets transferred to another city, with hopes of a brighter future.