The movie starts with a series of incidents of a happy life of a mum and a daughter back in 1934. At present in 2016, Dr Krishnakanth Acharya / Krish, a successful neurosurgeon, and his wife Lakshmi live peacefully in their beautiful house under the mountains in Rosina Valley. Their perfect life together is now disturbed after a family moves into the house next door where the mother and the daughter lived in 1934.Jennifer D'Costa / Jenny is a troubled teenager and neighbour of Krish and Lakshmi. Losing her mother at a young age, she has turned out to be a rebel. While she doesn't despise her caring stepmother, she never misses a chance to throw tantrums at her either. But, she loves her half-sister Sarah. One day soon after relocating to the new house, Jenny comes to meet Laxmi with Sarah and make friends with her. She is instantly attracted to Krish's charm and attempts to come closer to him. That night while exploring the house Krish saw Jenny jumping into the well and saves her.Jennifer's rebellious nature makes her do things like smoking for example. During one such time when she sneaks out of the house for a smoke, she picks up some belongings of a dead person. Jenny starts to act weird soon after her family moves into the house. So, Jenny's grandfather contacts a nomad but Paul refuses to take any help from him. So, Jenny's father Paul D'Costa with Krish's recommendation contacts Dr Prasad. After Jenny tells her that there is someone who is telling her to leave the house and a few strange incidents happened to her the doctor concludes she has developed paranoia with visual and auditory hallucinations. They have also arranged a hypnotherapy session where Jenny tells her it is Li-Jing and not her who has gone to the hills. And a series of paranormal incidents abound that affects the lives of the people around her. Jennifer's new house is haunted by three ancient Chinese spirits, and one of them is a man, who is bloodthirsty while the other two spirits are the mom and the daughter who helps the family to get out of the house without trouble. The mother-daughter duo continues to warn the people to leave the house but they don't leave.Paul calls the Pastor to perform an exorcism on Jenny but the session leaves Pastor in a coma with Krish and Paul heavily injured. Later on, when it is believed to be everything is fine, Laxmi becomes pregnant and the maid in Paul's house disappeared. Paul agrees to call the nomad witnessing this and he revealed there is a spirit of mother and daughter who are asking them to leave. He also discovered the bodies where they were buried. Krish accompanies Dr Prasad when he decides to visit a lady from the neighbouring village to know what happened to Paul's house 80 years ago. The lady revealed to them how the man of the house Lu Wei has killed her own daughter to get a baby boy. The major twist comes up at the end of the story where Dr Prasad is killed as he understood the truth that not only Jenny is possessed by the woman's spirit but Lu-Wei has possessed Krish to fulfil his unsuccessful work 80 years back. Aval is not just a conventional human vs devil narration. It has an angle of good spirits vs bad spirits and how the living suffer as they are jammed between this supernatural tug-of-war.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
The movie starts with the happy life of a mother and daughter back in 1934. In the present, 2016, Dr. Krishnakumar (Siddharth), a successful neurosurgeon, and his wife Lakshmi (Andrea Jeremiah) live peacefully in their beautiful house under the mountains in Rosina Valley. The D'Costa family moves into the next house, which belonged to the mother and daughter years ago. Jennifer D'Costa (Anisha Angelina Victor) is a troubled teenage daughter of the neighbors. Though she is rebellious, she deeply loves her family and her half-sister Sarah. Jenny and Sarah come to meet Lakshmi and make friends with her. Jenny is instantly attracted to Krish's charm. 
The D'Costas invite Krish and Lakshmi for dinner. While exploring the house, Krish sees Jenny jumping into the well and saves her. Jenny's rebellious nature makes her do things like smoking. During one such time, when she sneaks out of the house for a smoke, she picks up some belongings of a dead person. Jenny starts to act weird soon and sleepwalks to the edge of a cliff, where her father Paul (Atul Kulkarni) and Krish save her yet again. Jenny's grandfather contacts a psychic, but Paul refuses to take any help from him. Krish refers them to his psychiatrist friend Dr. Prasad (Suresh), who gives Jenny a hypnotherapy session, and she tells him that there is someone telling her family to leave the house, and then Jenny starts speaking in Chinese. Prasad concludes she has developed paranoia with visual and auditory hallucinations and advices Paul to perform an exorcism since he is sure of some paranormal behaviors happening with Jenny. Paul calls Pastor Joshua (Prakash Belawadi) to perform the exorcism, and they find that their new house is haunted by three ancient Chinese spirits. One of them is a bloodthirsty man, while the other two spirits are the mother and the daughter, who want the family to get out of the house without trouble. The exorcism session cures Jenny, but the violent antics of the spirits injure Joshua, who falls into a coma, while Krish and Paul are also injured. 
Things seem normal, and Lakshmi finds out that she is pregnant, but one day, Paul's housemaid disappears. Krish and Lakshmi also witness increasing paranormal disturbances in their daily lives. Paul finds some disturbing evidences in his house and agrees to call the psychic from earlier, and he reveals the presence of a mother and daughter spirit, asking them to leave. He also discovers their skeletal remains in the nearby cliff edge, along with the male spirit's remains. 
Meanwhile, Prasad feels that there is more to the story of the spirits from Jenny's exorcism and upon researching finds that there is a witness who knows what happened in Paul's house 80 years ago, an old lady from the village. Krish and Prasad visit the old lady, who reveals that the man of the house, Lu Wei, was into black magic. He attempted to kidnap and kill her when she was a child, but his pregnant wife intervened and let her escape. It is shown that Lu Wei tried to perform the human sacrifice as a ritual so that his next offspring would be a boy. When his ritual was disturbed, Lu Wei heartlessly lures his own daughter and sacrifices her instead. Lu Wei's distraught wife witnesses this and stabs herself in the stomach, killing her and her unborn child and thereby ruining Lu Wei's plans. An enraged Lu Wei commits suicide by drowning himself in the well. The old lady further tells that all these events unfolded during a rare solar eclipse day, and a similar eclipse is bound to happen again the next day.
Krish and Prasad go back home and seemingly continue to discuss the events. The next day, Lakshmi calls out for Krish and asks him to help Jenny, since she is possessed again. When they go to Jenny's house, to Krish's surprise, Lakshmi locks him up in a room. It is then revealed that Joshua awoke from his coma and told Lakshmi that during Jenny's exorcism, he found that not only Jenny was possessed by the woman's spirit, but Krish was possessed by Lu Wei's spirit and the possession must have happened when Krish jumped into the well and rescued Jenny. Lu Wei now intends to continue where he left off and targets Sarah for his human sacrifice so that Lakshmi would give birth to a boy. It is shown that a possessed Krish had earlier killed Prasad too, since he found the truth. Krish breaks free and tries to kill Sarah and cause mayhem, but the Chinese mother-daughter spirits overpower him and destroy Lu Wei's spirit from Krish's body as the solar eclipse ends, and Krish gets back to normal. 
A few years later, it is shown that Krish's family and the D'Costas are still good neighbors, while Lakshmi and Krish now have a son, with whom Jenny and Sarah go to play. The screen closes in on the boy's eye, which changes to show double irises, implying that he could be demonic, since he was conceived when Krish was possessed by Lu Wei.