Sanjay Kumar Chaturvedi (Vicky Kaushal), an IT engineer, and Kareena D'Souza (Angira Dhar ) work in the same bank and dream of having their own home but are held back because of problems in their personal lives.Sanjay lives with his parents Bhaskar (Raghubir Yadav) and Lata (Supriya Pathak). They stay together in a tiny railway's apartment. Bhaskar is a railways announcer.
Sanjay's boss, Raashi Khurrana (Alankrita Sahai) is having an extra-marital affair with him, but refuses to leave her husband, Kashin (Arunoday Singh). Sanjay wants Raashi to tell the truth to Kashin, but Raashi says that Sanjay has no prospects and doesn't even have a proper home to keep her, once she divorces Kashin.Kareena is betrothed to Samuel (Kunaal Roy Kapur) and constantly held back from her dream of owning a home, by her mother Blossom (Ratna Pathak Shah).
Sanjay and Kareena have both seen a housing scheme for young couples, where joint income of applicants is used to decide home loan limits.
Sanjay asks Raashi and Kareena asks Samuel, and both receive rejections. Samuel wants Kareena to stay with them at his dad Noel's (Ivan Sylvester Rodrigues) place.Sanjay sees Kareena at the wedding party of their common friends Jason and Ruth. Sanjay and Kareena share a dance and there is obvious chemistry between the two.
Meanwhile, Raashi is stringing Sanjay along by starving him for sex. She tells Sanjay that she wants to sleep with him, but not in Kashin's home, in their own.Sanjay's home loan application in his own bank is rejected and turns out it was rejected by Kareena. She explains that Sanjay earns Rs 50,000 PM and his monthly installment would be Rs 40,000. He would have no money left for monthly expenses.
At first, Sanjay is livid with Kareena, but eventually they start spending time with each other. Kareena says that she also dreams of an equal marriage where husband and wife share all duties of the house, including cooking and cleaning. She says that Samuel stays with his parents who have 3 servants, and he is unlikely to ever leave.Kareena understands that Sanjay has a girl friend who is not willing to commit to him. Sanjay has dinner with Raashi and Kashin. Kashin says that he considers Sanjay as a brother of Raashi.
Meanwhile Samuel wants Kareena to give up her job and join his NGO where he travels to all destitute parts of the country and helps the less fortunate.Sanjay suggests that Kareena and he apply for the home loan together. He says that the flat is 500 sq. feet, has 2 washrooms, modular kitchen, 2 lifts, car parking, and a gym in the basement. It is a fantastic opportunity to live their life on their own terms. Kareena agrees.They visit the government office to apply for the home loan but need a marriage certificate and a Rs 4 Lakhs demand draft, and the duo have neither. Sanjay spots Rehmat Bhai (Gajraj Rao) as the government official. Sanjay had once saved Rehmat in the local train from his wallet being stolen by a pickpocket. Rehmat remembers the kind act and agrees to help Sanjay.
Rehmat asks to duo to register their marriage and if they get a flat allotted, they can submit the marriage certificate. Sanjay convinces Kareena that once the house is allocated, they can get divorced.Sanjay applies for a Rs 4 Lakhs loan on his Provident Fund and needs Raashi's approval on it, but she is neutral as she knows that Sanjay is getting an apartment with Kareena.
Sanjay and Kareena agree to some exit rules in their deal. Later that day, in the local train, Sanjay kisses Kareena. Kareena says that she liked it, but a relationship is not part of their deal.
Later, Kareena tells Sanjay that Samuel wanted to make out and she said no to him, as she felt she would be cheating on Sanjay, indicating that she is open for a relationship with him. They end up having sex at a demo apartment in their under-construction society.Meanwhile, Raashi is still stringing Sanjay along and forces him to spend time with her by dangling the hope that she is trying to get the Rs 4 Lakhs loan sanctioned for him. Raashi forces Sanjay to have sex with her in exchange for the check.Tina is Kareena's friend and Sanjay confides in her. Tina asks Sanjay to tell Kareena the truth about his sex with Raashi. Sanjay delivers the check to Rehmat, but he sees how happy Kareena is and backs out of telling the truth to her.
Now, Raashi tells Sanjay that she has broken up with Kashin and wants to have a relationship with Sanjay. Sanjay tells Raashi that he doesn't love her anymore, and that he loves Kareena.Kareena tells Samuel that she is not in love with him, and that she is getting married to Sanjay. Blossom has a panic attack with the thought of Kareena wanting to marry a Hindu, but Kareena says that she will be happier with Sanjay, than she will ever be with Samuel.
Sanjay meets Blossom and seeks her blessings. He says that religion will never be an issue between him and Kareena. Sanjay then explains the situation to his own parents.
Eventually Blossom meets Bhaskar and Lata, along with Sanjay and Kareena. Lata says that as a married couple Sanjay and Kareena can make their own rules for their own home. The parents decide to get the couple married in the courtyard of their new apartment.Sanjay is guilt ridden with having sex with Raashi and finally admits the truth to Kareena. Kareena is heartbroken but is too far along to change course. Tina also tells Kareena that Sanjay made a stupid mistake and that Kareena should not throw away her future over this.
Kareena and Sanjay move into their apartment, while the parents plan their wedding as the marriage certificate has to be submitted in 2 days.Now, Raashi calls Sanjay and says that she might be pregnant. They go to the doctor together, but Raashi doesn't allow Sanjay to meet the doctor or share the report and claims that she is pregnant. Their argument reaches the office where Kareena overhears the conversation. But this is when Kashin attacks Sanjay and Raashi admits that she was lying to make Kashin jealous.Kareena is still unwilling to forgive Sanjay and declares that she will sell her share of the house, one month after the wedding. Sanjay speaks to Rehmat for a way out, who asks Sanjay to get Kareena's signatures on a No Objection Certificate. But Rehmat is uncomfortable since he only helped Kareena and Sanjay due to their true love.
On the day of the wedding, Rehmat tells Kareena that Sanjay is trying to fraud her by forging her signatures on a No Objection Certificate, and taking away her part of the house, without even telling her. But this was an elaborate ruse, as when Kareena reaches the apartment, she only finds a message from Sanjay that says that he has transferred his share of the house to Kareena and will continue to pay the EMIs till she finds another 50:50 partner.Meanwhile, the families reach the apartment for the wedding, and Lata finds Sanjay on the streets and brings him over too. Sanjay and Kareena face to face and Sanjay admits that he loves her for who she is. Sanjay says that he doesn't need a house, he needs a home. Kareena and Sanjay decide to get married.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
The film revolves around Sanjay Kumar Chaturvedi, an IT engineer, and Kareena D'Souza. They both work in the same bank and dream of having their own home but are held back because of problems in their personal lives. Sanjay's boss, Raashi Khurrana is having an extra-marital affair with him, but refuses to leave her husband, Kashin, while Kareena is betrothed to Samuel and constantly held back from her dream of owning a home, by her mother Blossom. Everything changes when Sanjay finds out about a joint housing scheme, and asks Kareena to apply for the scheme with him. She agrees and the movie portrays various problems they have as they are trying to buy the apartment as an unmarried couple.