During a cultural event in Gujarat, a Chinese delegate, General Zeng, consumes a product called Tiger Soup and dies. The investigation into his death points towards the Tiger Soup, which he consumed just moments before passing out and away, as a possible cause of death, and CBI officers Sharma (Abhishek Banerjee) and Gupta (Chittaranjan Tripathy) look for Raghuvir "Raghu" Mehta, the product's original manufacturer, who eventually surrenders himself to the authorities upon severe interrogation.In flashback, Raghu Mehta (Rajkummar Rao), has been a failed Gujarati entrepreneur who lives with his wife Rukmini and his son Chintu. Despite being in charge of his late father's mattress business, which everybody including him now feels has been sustaining losses for too long, he struggles to come up with a profitable business idea and has cycled through several products which have failed to take off.
Upon being forced by his Father-in-law Vitthal Bhai (Manoj Joshi), he goes with his brother-in-law Devraj (Sumeet Vyas) to China to discover a new business idea. Devraj is setting up a Rs 120 Crores Ayurvedic medicines firm and needs family people he can trust to handle key aspects of the business.While in China, Devraj presents his product to Tanmay, a successful Gujarati entrepreneur, who rejects it. Despondent over the rejection, as Devraj abandons him to his own devices, Raghu strikes up a bond with Tanmay who explains the philosophy behind entrepreneurship to him. Raghu goes on a drunken binge with Devraj's contact Xui Lee (Danni Wang). Xui-Lee had promised her boss Hao-Li a meeting with Devraj. So, she asks Raghu to pretend to be Devraj for this meeting.Raghu lands in a meeting with this Chinese businessman Hao-Li (Xui-Lee's boss) who introduces him to Tiger Penis Soup which is the Chinese equivalent of Viagra and tells him it will succeed in India because Indians are always thinking about sex. Raghu heads to India and tries to raise funds for his product. While researching the market in India, Raghu realizes that there is no genuine solution available for sexual problems faced by men.Upon a suggestion by a mentor named Tanmay Shah (Paresh Rawal), he recruits and promotes a local sexologist named Dr. Vardhi (Boman Irani). Raghu proposes a business partnership to Dr. Tribhuvan Vardhi, a sexologist whose books have impressed Raghu, but Vardhi initially rejects the offer. Meanwhile, Raghu's inability to provide a steady income for his family creates tension between him and Rukmini. Raghu proceeds to recruit Vardhi with the promise of spreading sex awareness to the public and eventually Vardhi agrees.Back in the present, General Zeng's autopsy is held up in diplomatic red tape, forcing Sharma and Gupta into trying to get to the truth through Raghu, who remains adamant about nothing being faulty with his product.Rewinding to the past, Raghu puts together a team of talented young professionals to handle manufacturing and distribution of the product. Raghu pools together the collective intellect of all these folks and launches his product in the market.
But Raghu is only mixing milk, sugar and some other harmless ingredients in his medicine. The Chinese businessman sends him a secret ingredient periodically, which Raghu hides from everyone. Roopa (Amyra Dastur) is Vardhi receptionist. She is also a part time model and takes tuition classes on weekends to supplement her income. From the beginning Dr Varhi knows that Raghu's medicine will work in 80% of the cases and is confident that the other 20% will never complain due to the male ego.But still Raghu is not transparent at home about his plans. He tells his brother-in-law that he is dealing in Chinese fans. His business takes off initially based on which he increases the import of raw material from China. But then demand in India starts to slag and his inventories mount up. Raghu meets Tanmay again, who advises Raghu to advertise the legitimacy of Dr Vardhi and not his product. Raghu enrolls Dr Vardhi in a sex seminar, but he accidentally wanders into a parental seminar instead. But even there he ends up with a standing ovation for bringing spotlight onto the sex issues. The product sells blockbuster.He then launches a SMS based delivery service and employs local milkmen to deliver his product all over the city. Raghu rolls in money. Devraj is perplexed that his Chinese investor is investing somewhere in India but is not 100% sure with whom. Abhay Chopra (Gajraj Rao) is Devraj's financial backer. When Devraj realizes that Raghu is the person that the Chinese are investing in, he takes Raghu to meet Abhay. But Raghu refuses a partnership deal with Abhay. In retaliation, Devraj reveals to the family that Raghu is running the ostensibly disreputable Tiger Soup business.Chintu is expelled from his school when a bottle of Tiger Soup is found in his bag. When Raghu's Wife, Rukmini (Mouni Roy), finds out about the fact that her husband is peddling sex medicines, she is ashamed and confronts him about it. A distressed Raghu goes to Vardhi to end their partnership but a timely call from Tanmay causes him to reconsider.
Back to the present, Raghu and Vardhi appear before a preliminary commission consisting of several government agencies to explain their role in Zeng's death. Raghu reveals that there is no secret ingredient in the soup; it is just Rabdi, an Indian dessert, and implies that most sexual issues are more psychological than biological. Vardhi appeals to the commission not to consider sex as a taboo topic and encourages them to let the product continue instead of banning it. However, while bureaucratic pressures from the Chinese delegation force the commission to ban the Tiger Soup for some time, Raghu and Vardhi are acquitted and convey to the media that they are happy the product was not banned completely.At the end, Raghu is shown as a successful owner of a chain of sexual health-related clinics with Vardhi as the face of the business and he is invited to a premier business school to give a lecture on being an entrepreneur. Rukmini is overwhelmed at the success of her husband and the achievements he has made. Raghu ends the story with the same catchphrase that Tanmay had previously taught him.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
During a cultural event in Gujarat, a Chinese delegate, General Zeng, consumes a product called Tiger Soup and dies. The investigation into his death points towards the Tiger Soup, which he consumed just moments before passing out and away, as a possible cause of death, and CBI officers Sharma and Gupta look for Raghuvir "Raghu" Mehta, the product's original manufacturer, who eventually surrenders himself to the authorities upon severe interrogation.
Over a flashback, it is shown that Raghu has been a failed Gujarati entrepreneur who lives with his wife Rukmini and his son Chintu. Despite being in charge of his late father's mattress business, which everybody including him now feels has been sustaining losses for too long, he struggles to come up with a profitable business idea and has cycled through several products which have failed to take off. His uncle forces him to go on a trip to China with his cousin Devraj where he is to meet investors about a sports drink business. While in China, Devraj presents his product to Tanmay, a successful Gujarati entrepreneur, who rejects it. Despondent over the rejection, as Devraj abandons him to his own devices, Raghu strikes up a bond with Tanmay who explains the philosophy behind entrepreneurship to him. Raghu goes on a drunken binge with Devraj's contact Xui Lee, and in a stupor, commits to meet her boss Hao Li while posing as Devraj.
During the meeting, Hao introduces Raghu to Tiger Penis Soup which is the Chinese equivalent of Viagra. Hao proposes that Raghu shall sell this product in India and suggests that it will be successful over there because Chinese and Indians are constantly thinking about sex. While researching the market in India, Raghu realizes that there is no genuine solution available for sexual problems faced by men. Raghu proposes a business partnership to Dr. Tribhuvan Vardhi, a sexologist whose books have impressed Raghu, but Vardhi initially rejects the offer. Meanwhile, Raghu's inability to provide a steady income for his family creates tension between him and Rukmini. Raghu proceeds to recruit Vardhi with the promise of spreading sex awareness to the public and eventually Vardhi agrees. Back in the present, General Zeng's autopsy is held up in diplomatic red tape, forcing Sharma and Gupta into trying to get to the truth through Raghu, who remains adamant about nothing being faulty with his product.
Rewinding to the past, Raghu puts together a team of talented young professionals to handle manufacturing and distribution of the product. After some initial struggles, Raghu meets Tanmay who suggests Vardhi as the face of their product. The team arranges a seminar but Vardhi accidentally walks into a parent-teacher conference; his impassioned plea to make sexual discourse normal in society goes viral. As a result, the Tiger Soup business is wildly successful. However, Raghu hides the product from Rukmini and his extended family who think that he is running a business related to Chinese fans. Devraj soon finds out that the Tiger Soup is behind Raghu's success. Raghu meets his idol Abhay Chopra, a successful investor and motivational speaker, who is in league with Devraj. Chopra proposes a business partnership but Raghu rejects the proposal; in retaliation, Devraj reveals to the family that Raghu is running the ostensibly disreputable Tiger Soup business.
Chintu is expelled from his school when a bottle of Tiger Soup is found in his bag. Once a livid Rukmini finds out that Raghu lied about his business, she confronts him about it. A distressed Raghu goes to Vardhi to end their partnership but a timely call from Tanmay causes him to reconsider. Back to the present, Raghu and Vardhi appear before a preliminary commission consisting of several government agencies to explain their role in Zeng's death. Raghu reveals that there is no secret ingredient in the soup; it is just rabdi, an Indian dessert, and implies that most sexual issues are more psychological than biological. Vardhi appeals to the commission not to consider sex as a taboo topic and encourages them to let the product continue instead of banning it. However, while bureaucratic pressures from the Chinese delegation force the commission to ban the Tiger Soup for some time, Raghu and Vardhi are acquitted and convey to the media that they are happy the product was not banned completely.
At the end, Raghu is shown as a successful owner of a chain of sexual health-related clinics with Vardhi as the face of the business and he is invited to a premier business school to give a lecture on being an entrepreneur. Rukmini is overwhelmed at the success of her husband and the achievements he has made. Raghu ends the story with the same catchphrase that Tanmay had previously taught him.