The Story revolves around a young man Vikram (Neil Nitin Mukesh) who is a fashion prodigy. The story is layered with a murder in town.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Vikram Kapoor, a renowned fashion designer, has an accident one night and one of his top models Sarah Brigenza is found dead the same night in what looks like a suicide. Vikram is paralyzed from the accident and has to use a wheelchair for the rest of his life. He returns home after years, to where his father Pratap Kapoor and stepmother Romila live.
Police suspect Sarah was murdered and Vikram becomes a suspect. The accidents were apparently arranged by Romila, who wants to acquire Pratap's assets with her real daughter Nandini. A flashback shows that Sarah and Vikram had a one-night stand, after which Sarah, though engaged to Jimmy, wanted to be Vikram's girlfriend. After being refused, she shot herself. Vikram realized no witness would prove his innocence if Sarah was found dead there so he drove her body to her house, where it was later found.
In the present, Vikram sees Romila's ex-boyfriend Narang Kapoor sneak into his house to meet Romila, implying that the two had planned the accidents in the house that nearly killed him. Jimmy is another suspect in Sarah's death because he was seen in CCTV footage escaping from her house right after the gunshot was heard. However, Jimmy is on the run from cops and parts of the footage in Sarah's house is missing. The existing part of the footage shows that Jimmy arrived, learned that the two had an affair, and fought with Vikram.
Pratap, Romila and Nandini leave for a cruise trip, leaving Vikram at home alone. A masked man then enters the house to attack and kill Vikram. Paralyzed Vikram calls his girlfriend Radhika for help but is caught by the attacker. Police Inspector Roy arrives right then and shoots the masked attacker. To everyone's shock, it is Vikram's father Pratap.
Roy now reveals the story: Sarah called Pratap to inform him that she found his gun, which he had lost; it had been in Vikram's possession. When Pratap arrived, he witnessed Vikram and Jimmy fighting so he shot Sarah to frame Vikram; the two then escaped to avoid suspicion. 
It is revealed that Vikram never lost his legs; he, along with his doctor, planned to act handicapped to avenge his mother's death. Pratap is actually his uncle who had killed his mother for money, and had planned Vikram's accident.