Captain Kabir Kaul (Zaheer Iqbal) is a young retired Indian Army officer.
Kabir is haunted by the nightmare of his failure to save a young boy from a landmine, and this is one of the reasons why he retired early from the Army. Kabir had scared the young boy by assuming that he was a Pakistani boy and he was running away from Kabir, and went straight into a landmine laden field.Kabir is summoned to Srinagar by his uncle Hameed. Kabir finds that his father's school in Srinagar has been taken over the Government, and they are struggling as they cannot find teachers for the school. Hameed had called Kabir so he could join the school as a teacher.Kabir decides to teach in his late father's school, the Wular Public School as the school will be closed if there is no teacher to teach. The school itself is in a very isolated part of the Kashmir Valley. The school is in the middle of a lake and the only way to get there is on a boat.At the school, he finds a diary left behind in the desk drawer by the previous teacher, Firdaus Quadri (Pranutan Bahl). Firdaus had the tattoo of a star on her hand, and this was her the memory of her father. Firdaus wrote that the principal objected to the tattoo and insisted that she remove it. For this reason, she was transferred to the Wular school.
Firdaus was depressed in the lonely isolation at the school and remembered her boyfriend Junaid (Mozim Bhatt).Meanwhile, Kabir breaks his arm when he falls from his bed, and he does not receive any help for a day as no boats pass nearby the school. There is no cell network, no gas, no electricity, at the school.
Children start coming to school after learning that a new teacher has arrived. The students include Waqar (Baba Hatim), Tariq (Mir Zayaan), Iqrah, Shama (Soliha Maqbool), Dua, and they all study in different classes.However, they disobey Kabir (they go out for fishing in the middle of the school without taking permission from Kabir, while he was making a phone call), and rebel against him which leads to Kabir punishing them. The episode causes Kabir to think that he cannot teach, but after reading Firdaus's diary, he gains confidence and decides to try.Firdaus had described how Junaid broke up with her when she refused to come back to Srinagar. Junaid and Firdaus had been childhood friends, but Junaid had always been a little controlling type of person.
Junaid comes to the school a few days later to try and get her to change her mind. That day, the kids discover a dead body floating under the toilet of the school. The kids were traumatized after the incident and Firdaus was determined not to leave them alone.Kabir comes back to Srinagar on a surprise visit to meet his girlfriend. Kabir's girlfriend Dolly (Farhana Bhat) breaks up with him and is having an affair with a new man, as she believes that Kabir is now unfit to marry her because he has left the army. Kabir beats up the new boyfriend, but Dolly asks Kabir to grow up. He is heartbroken but takes solace in the schoolchildren and Firdaus's diary, writing comments in it.The school has unique problems as one day a water snake enters the class, creating mayhem, but Kabir protects the kids and gets rids of the snake. Kabir starts adopting most of Firdaus' teaching methods and in turn falls in love with her.
One day, during an intense storm, Kabir loses the diary as it falls into the lake, while Kabir was trying to save Shama from being hit by a loose school board. Kabir jumps into the lake to retrieve the notebook and also rebuilds the school.Kabir learns about Imran (Mir Mehrooz), one of the schoolchildren, whose father, Yakub (Mir Sarwar), wants him to help in the household rather than attending school. Imran was brilliant at algebra and had the potential to be the best student of the state.
Using help from the diary, Kabir succeeds in bringing Imran back to school. He decides to burn Firdaus's diary after learning from the principal that she is getting married but retrieves it in a fit of epiphany.Meanwhile, Junaid had found a job for Firdaus at DPS Srinagar, and she had also removed her tattoo to adjust to her new life. But still she was happier in the small school at Wular as she had more autonomy there.On her wedding day, Firdaus finds out that her fiance Junaid was cheating on her and that the other woman is carrying his child. The other woman comes to meet Junaid on the day of the wedding and Firdaus hears them talk in private.
Firdaus calls off the marriage and returns to Wular Public School. The children are overjoyed to have her back, though Kabir is gone. She finds her diary in the same drawer she had left it in a year before and reads Kabir's comments. He had written that he was in love with the writer and had learned valuable lessons from her diary. Curious, Firdaus asks the principal about Kabir the same way he had asked about her. The principal tells her that he has gone to take a teaching course as the kids in his class were struggling to get good grades.Firdaus is surprised to see Imran in class and realizes that it was Kabir who made this happen. Turns out Imran had failed his exam due to the wrong instructions from Kabir. This is why Kabir left the school to do a teaching course.One day, Firdaus confronts Yakub, who wants to take Imran back. Imran sees Kabir and runs to him, saying he doesn't want to leave the school. Yakub threatens Kabir with a gun and punches Kabir. Imran, realizing that Yakub might kill Kabir, takes the gun to shoot his father. Kabir stops him. Yakub realizes his mistake and slowly lowers the gun.At the end, it is shown that Firdaus sent the children back home so that she can talk and spend time with Kabir with whom she has fallen in love.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Captain Kabir Kaul, a young retired Indian Army officer, decides to teach in his late father's school, the Wular Public School as the school will be closed if there is no teacher to teach. At the school, he finds a diary left behind in the desk drawer by the previous teacher, Firdaus Quadri. Children start coming to school after learning that a new teacher has arrived. However, they disobey Kabir, leading him to think that he cannot teach, but after reading Firdaus's diary, he gains confidence and decides to try.
Kabir's girlfriend breaks up with him and is having an affair with a new man, as she believes that Kabir is now unfit to marry her because he has left the army. He is heartbroken but takes solace in the schoolchildren and Firdaus's diary, writing comments in it. He learns about Imran, one of the schoolchildren, whose father, Yakub, wants him to help in the household rather than attending school. Using help from the diary, Kabir succeeds in bringing Imran back to school. He decides to burn Firdaus's diary after learning she is getting married, but retrieves it in a fit of epiphany.
On her wedding day, Firdaus finds out that her fiancé was cheating on her and that the other woman is carrying his child. She calls off the marriage and returns to Wular Public School. The children are overjoyed to have her back, though Kabir is gone. She finds her diary in the same drawer she had left it in a year before and reads Kabir's comments. He had written that he was in love with the writer and had learned valuable lessons from her diary. Curious, Firdaus asks the principal about Kabir the same way he had asked about her. The principal tells her that he has gone to take a teaching course.
One day, Firdaus confronts Yakub, who wants to take Imran back. Imran sees Kabir and runs to him, saying he doesn't want to leave the school. Yakub threatens Kabir with a gun and punches Kabir. Imran, realizing that Yakub might kill Kabir, takes the gun to shoot his father. Kabir stops him. Yakub realizes his mistake and slowly lowers the gun. At the end, it is shown that Firdaus sent the children back home so that she can talk and spend time with Kabir with whom she has fallen in love.