Hey idiot. Hey enough.. ..smarty come on show your face.. ..what did l say show me your face.. .. you are the same person who was jailed for two years. Hey come on someone has come to meet you Take care of yourself Tell me way, Now tell me way. No no, tell me way. Tell me way. Tell me way. Now Tell me way. Come on now Tell me way. Tell me way. l roam whole world in one round. Now tell me way. l roam whole world in one round. l can see everyone anyhow with my eyes. l'll give reason in jokes. Then why there is confusion Ups and down will happen in life. Why the streets are scrubbing my tyre with teeth. ..it sound Different. Tell me way. Now Tell me way. no no no, Tell me way. Tell me way. Tell me way. No no no, Tell me way. l roam whole world in one round. l can see everyone anyhow with my eyes. Tell me way. Now tell me way. no no no, tell me way. Tell me way lf you wanna find out, whats going on then come with me. There will be no confusion. lf you wanna find out, whats going on then come with me. There will be no confusion. lf l got a chance to meet god then i'll such deal with god.. l'll change the whole system, Day into night. Tell me way. lf l got a chance to meet god then i'll such deal with god.. l'll change the whole system, Day into night. Then the whole world is behind me. Happiness will shower. Time will move on my wish. Take it easy. l'm so busy. Confusion, Oh come on tell me why? Confusion, Oh come on tell me why? l'll give reason in jokes, then why there is confusion Ups and down will happen in life. Why the streets are scrubbing my tyre with teeth.. ..it sound Different. Teel me way, Now tell me way. Teel me way, Now tell me way. Teel me way, Now tell me way. no no no, Go go go, Teel me way. Stop, stop stop ln the first look you did some magic.. .. my life became yours Both lives in my arms come l tell you or keep quiet what is in my heart lf you tell l come to know if you get angry.. ..l come to know this is also a promise Hey come lets see Who has how much daring Keep your foot tight My love Aa aa aa Come come -Hey stop the bus stop Come l am your love come. Bye. Hey Surprise Hi darling.. ..what happened brother from where have.. ..you come who are you what is this drama Who are you? -What are you doing in my house? Hey what are you talking.. .. who allowed you to enter this building. -Hello.. ..uncle you tell me why, who allowed you to enter this house Hey he called me uncle you stupid This is my house my brother -Come on inside close the door lts not of Rohan Chawla. Where have brother and sister in law gone? Ho aa aa -Hey when you didn't have money in your pocket.. ..then why did you give so long order? l was very hungry uncle Now you will get very good thrashing l have give you my brother's number.. ..you try that and he will come and give you your money uncle Have l started a call centre here.. ..your aunt is saying that the phone.. ..is temporarily disconnected dial the number Uncle l swear.. ..l didn't have an idea about it uncle.. ..the kebab is very good. l will tell all my friends to come here and yours.. ..l mean that they come here and eat the kebabs. Uncle l will do the word of mouth publicity or your place Hey l will cut your legs and hang on the grill without.. ..applying the ingredients come on remove his clothes.. .. cut and make him naked.. -Oh one minute Hey now you will give the money.. .. stay straight have made good boys naked Uncle naked will get some order? Yes that's it Do one thing you keep these shoes Hey -lts very costly uncle -Hey You wear this and go on a walk and.. ..your weight will also reduce -Hey are you mad Hey uncle take it -lts worth four hundred, see the quality. Your legs will break but the shoes wont tear uncle take it Hey no.. Sir l bought the police Then what auspicious time you are.. ..looking for come and catch him.. -Hey You, you are trying to catch hold of a boy or hen.. .. you you people are acting strange come on catch him l got him Hey what is this boy made of.. ..come on put him in the grill, l mean put him in jail Hey stop shaking your legs l bought his brother sir Hey bro.. .. see l had told you my brother will come.. .. its not suiting on you.. ..sister in law must have taken you to the beauty parlor.. .. its not suiting on you.. ..sister in law must have taken you to the beauty parlor? l told correct bro.. Your brother's record is very good. Today only he was out of jail after spending two years.. ..in hail and came straight here at police station. lt seems the outside air doesn't suit him, what? Uu uu yaa uu hu uu hu What are you doing? ln two years you people didn't come to see me. How much l missed you, you people didn't miss me? lts not like that Abhay -Okay then sold the house. Changed the telephone number also, you didn't inform me.. .. but l knew that you would come to meet me, l knew that.. .. how is mother bro? Mother, wow.. .. what a beautiful house you have made bro.. .. very nice.. .. so big TV latest song system, also .. Switch off son, Priya will wake up. -Switch off Hey so what sister in law would also dance with us.. .. hey.. .. come on mother dance.. Who turned on this music? Abhay, switch off the music Abhay has come back What? l am telling you. -l don't want him in our life. l am telling you Priya Priya please listen. What are you doing Abhay? What are you doing Abhay? Sister in law hey ho ho Leave me Abhay, see mother l had told you that she will never be good Hi Sahil.. .. guess who is it? Hey l am Abhay speaking. Yes l have come back. Okay listen l am not getting Vikas's number. lt so many days since we have met isn't it.. ..what l am saying tomorrow we will meet mother.. .. was talking to my friend give me the phone None of your friends came to meet you in jail? l also didn't come. Your brother also didn't come, do you know why? Because everyone is happy without you. lf you are around then there is problem. l didn't want to tell you this but am telling you. l was angry on Rohan.. ..because he wished that we don't keep any relation with you.. ..that's why inspite of my wish l couldn't come to meet you. My heart was saying that you would be all right once you are.. ..out of the jail but you proved that.. ..Rohan is right and l am wrong. Abhay you killed one man and it doesn't.. ..make any difference to you -Mother, that was an accident. l didn't kill deliberately But what you are doing with that people are at losses. No one likes you. Now one likes to be near you. l am your mother but when you are near me l am.. ..very scared that don't know what you would do? Abhay.. ..because of your one mistake do you know what the family must be going through.. ..have you ever thought about it? Oh sir Thank you .. .. excuse me where is Rupesh Kumar staying? -There in 801 Okay thank you 801 .. Hey Hey Hey -Hey hello.. .. who are you and what are you doing here? Hello, you didn't recognize me -No didn't recognize you Two years back we had met in a police station. Your father met with an accident with my bike Yes, you what are you doing here? That l have come here to say sorry l don't want Yes what? Fruit or sorry? -l don't want both Hey listen see -Come here -Please listen to me.. -Come here Please listen to me.. -Get out out -Listen please -Out Don't touch me -Get out -Hey why are you pushing me How dare you came here -l have come here to say sorry -Get out Oh God.. .. hey strange, went out without putting the lock l had told you to remove Mary from the job Hey what remove then who will do all the work? You insane Sorry l had come here to say sorry.. ..l had gone mad, what do l think by saying sorry.. .. you dig for six months and then make it for six months.. .. yes then traffic jam, public get angry.. .. you put the board work in progress, your mothers.. Dug up here and dug up there dug up the whole city.. .. you people have tested our tempers you people.. ..what am l doing Yes As like butterfly. As like sky. As like birds. As like butterfly, Sky, and Birds. As like sound, as like fingers.. As like butterfly, Sky, and Birds. As like sound, as like fingers.. l'll fly in the night like Glowworm. And l woke up in morning like smell of flower. l'll fly in this open Breeze. Whole world is my arms, then why i'm suffocating? ln water i'll swim like fish. ln water i'll swim like fish. l'll touch the air. l'll be like eyeball in eyes. ln legs i'll be like ankel. l'll fly in this open Breeze. Whole world is my arms, then why i'm suffocating? Hey Abhay.. ..don't shake your legs and sit properly.. ..if you shake your legs then Laxmi goes away do you know that? Have you ever thought of it.. ..tomorrow you will have your own house.. ..you will have your family -Family? What are you talking bro.. ..you are there mother is there.. ..sister in law is there the whole family is there Abhay enough of your drama.. ..now you are not a small child understood.. ..and this is a house not a lodging place. l cannot tolerate you for the whole life. lf you want to live in this house then live properly. Mother tell him l cannot take the tension for the whole life. lf you do any mischief in this house then.. ..l will kick you out of this house But son, why don't you keep him with you in your garage He will not work in my garage.. ..he will create tension for everyone lf he stays before your eyes then.. ..maybe he will learn something He wont learn anything mother.. ..he will go on disturbing everyone there Do some thing son -Mother why don't you understand? Son what should l do about him.. .. you tell me Okay send him from tomorrow -Yes Move.. .. shall we leave Mother tell him not to shake his legs in the house.. .. send him from tomorrow Keep it down Send him from tomorrow Mother did brother and sister in law have a fight? No their mood was very bad? Hey who is this, who is this Abhay Abhay. -Yes tell me Vishal Hey where are you? -l am working Hey see who is doing mischief Yes you do your work, l will see and come -Hey Hey Hey snake out of the hole.. .. another snake started to dance.. Hello Who? l came to deliver the flower Why? -lsn't this is room no. 801 That's right -Yes then the one who is staying here Who is staying here? That .. Sonal Yes yes yes Who will come here to give flowers to Sonal? The address is correct -Yes the address is correct Wait.. .. no no Sonal is asking who sent the flowers? Vishal,Vishal Saxena Now what Hey tip -Which.. .. l myself am working here, what tip l would give to you.. .. come on get out -Sorry my bad day, am sorry -Yes.. Sonal.. .. Sonal.. .. Sonal you are sitting here, did you like the flowers? l had sent it and my name is not Vishal Saxena.. ..my name is Abhay. They lock you from outside and leave you inside.. ..you must be getting bored.. .. what a good idea you gave me that day. That game of the mirror.. .. just now l played and came with my friend. You are a number one mischievous same like me.. .. we can be friends. Oh no you have phone also very good.. l have written my number here. Whenever you get bored you call me that's it.. .. hey why are you looking at me like this? You didn't recognize me? -l had come that day.. .. to say sorry to your brother he is a number one stubborn. Had come to say sorry. He pushed me out. l didn't kill your father deliberately.. .. that was an accident. Sonal.. Where had you gone leaving the work behind -l said sorry l am fed up of listening to your sorry.. ..enough now l don't want you. Neither in this house nor in the garage. Mother why are you behind him. He doesn't want to do anything he only.. ..wants to disturb us that's it Brother, l will work.. .. mother brother if henceforth l commit any mistake.. ..then as you were beating me when l.. ..was a child you beat le like that.. ..brother l am very sorry please brother sorry l am giving you the last chance don't laugh. Now you be straight else if l go mad.. ..then now one will be worse than me Thank you brother thank you She is watching Let her see she will also get entertained Who is it? Mary.. Don't know you wear the clothes Mary, open the door Mary. Why did you take so long Mary, who is this? Oh this -Lock Lock -Lock, yes the lock had got jammed that's why Okay, Sonal is ready? -Yes, you gave her food and got her ready Okay fine.. ..make her sit in the car, we are going to take her for a ride Sonal. -Come on move Sonal. Give sixteen number spanner. What are you doing? Give it properly.. Why didn't you change the clothes? -Now.. Now listen to one thing properly. Sir has given me the responsibility of training you. You work with me. lf l go mad then l will tell sir. Come on, go and change your clothes. Don't look here. Wont give. Today is my birthday lf it is your birthday then you give Hey l was going to get cake, pastries and pattice. l thought l would share and eat, and work also. But you are not interested then l am going Hey listen you get the cake pastries and pattice.. ..l will manage all the other work Hey give your bike keys -Hey take it You are going to bring eatables take it Okay listen, the first gear is up and all the others are down l know okay listen do you have any special choice? Pineapple, black forest, chocolate Chocolate is very good lt is very good ha ha you think that you ate it oh Think you ate it listen Hey don't lie okay Hey don't lie okay Awesome. Who is this? Who is this? Who is this? -Hey Abhay Hey Sahil.. .. you spoiled all the enjoyment.. How is it.. .. it's the limit Vikas that day.. ..you made me wait for so long.. .. you didn't tell him that l had called. ldiots you didn't even come to meet me in jail for two years.. Jail? -Yes what my mother was saying.. .. if l tell then you will feel very bad.. .. hey today you people give the party.. ..then next time l will give. l also have got a job. Today was the first day. Hey l am not disturbing you people? Yes didn't you feel that we all were avoiding you Sorry. Sorry hey l said sorry. l am very sorry Oh your stupid brother and sister in law have come bye Rupesh -Yes How is mine new top? Trust me Kamini, it suits on you very much At least see l thing they have come -You be busy with your work. l'll handle them. Yes -Good afternoon madam.. .. we have from Municipal Corporation to conduct a survey Yes come in l know l know its your job sweetie. -lts all right Come sit This house is in the name of Sonal Mahajan right She is my sister in law ls she there at home at this time? Of course where will she go. And anyways we don't keep her away from our sight Can we meet her? Sure sure please come.. ..this way please come. Sonal see who has come.. Sonal love drawing very much Yes Sonal was creative since childhood. Don't know what all she used to imagine. -See the fees ha ha ha Sonal, l have made a chocolate cake especially for you. You want to have it now or after lunch.. ..okay okay eat after having your lunch.. .. all right l like very much that you people are.. ..taking so much care of your sister Okay okay bye l am so sorry that we people came here.. ..to investigate people like you. But what would we do some people.. ..buy flats from the government.. ..for very less rate in the disabled quota and.. ..then they either sell it or give it on rent. -l know.. Yeah yeah -Thanks for a co-operation -Yes Have a nice day Thank you -Bye -Bye Bye -Bye Went of well, thank fully Okay l will drop Sonal and come Hey wait l made her wear new clothes in a hurry.. .. l will change it just a minute You have become very fat. lt seems you eat a lot day and night. Your sister is waiting for you down. l am going and listen we are paying.. ..Mary four and half thousand rupees.. ..in a month to take care of you. Four and half rupees is too much. Okay l am going. Oh God Yes hello.. ..who is disturbing my sleep so late at night. You called me l came. Yes l got it for you. What mistake did l do by bringing it.. .. l had come here to say sorry. You forgave me, didn't you forgive me? Then what you called me to beat me up? Ha ha your name is Sonal isn't it? Do you know Sonal is the name of a princess. Yes really l am not joking. Mother was telling a story in my childhood. Come on l will tell you. One minute. Am remembering something. Yes princess Sonal, when she smiled she looked like you. Yes really, i'm not joking. Hey she came out of the story Princess.. ..Sonal was very beautiful. She accepted or not? She was dying to hear when a Prince.. ..would come and propose her. Then what both started dating. Both started meeting without their parents knowledge. l forgot to say one thing.. ..the Prince used to call the Princess as Angel. Anyway one day both the countries indulged in a fight. The meetings stopped. Dating closed. Then what happened? Then nothing happened, why didn't it happen? The thing is in those days mobile and internet.. ..were not there then how would they meet? Oh yes mobile phones were not there and internet.. ..was also not there then how would they meet.. .. see how l made it. Hey now shall l call you Angel? Yeah wow Angel your bike. lsn't it good. Come on. You liked it come on. Again l want to be your morning. Again l want to be your morning. l'll become Dew. l wan to be a drop. When you open your eyes.. ..l'll become light. l'll become sunlight. l'll become shelter for you. l'll become sunlight. l'll become shelter for you. l'll become shelter for you. Again l want to be your morning. l'm going to make you happy. Never going to leave you. Never going to leave you. lt may be worship or prayer.. lt may be worship or prayer.. ..it may be relation or customs. Blur than the blurness your dreams.. Blur than the blurness your dreams, l feel to make it true. l'll feel to make it true. Again l want to be your morning. Again l want to be your morning. l'll become Dew. l wan to be a drop. l'm the earth and you are sky. l'm the earth and you are sky. You are words and l'm your source. ln this short life.. ln this short life, l'll be your moment. l'll be your moment. Again l want to be your morning. Again l want to be your morning. l'll become Dew. l wan to be a drop. When you open your eyes.. ..l'll become light. l'll become sunlight. l'll become shelter for you. l'll become sunlight. l'll become shelter for you. l'll become shelter for you. l'm going to make you happy. Never going to leave you. Never going to leave you. l'm going to make you happy. Never going to leave you. Never going to leave you. l'm going to make you happy. Never going to leave you. Never going to leave you. Hey l found you so my heart bloomed.. ..and what would one need to live. You don't be sad l would be besides you through out the life. Who is it.. Some boy was singing? l heard.. .. a boy was singing. Was it a radio? Mother's promise now a days such a third.. ..class singers sing on the radio.. .. l feel like slapping them. Hey who washed the clothes? Oh Oh your brother is also mad. How did he leave you here? Now what all should l also do. My mind is somewhere else and l am somewhere else. l washed the clothes and l didn't come to know also. That day how your brother shouted on me and went.. ..do you know l hadn't locked.. .. l had come to put the lock. Okay l am going am getting late. Oh no. Bro calling. Bro calling. Brother's phone is coming. Hey Mary also had to come just now or what? Brother will thrash me.. Hey he is not funny Angel. Brother will kill me.. .. oh what to do.. l am running. l am going Angel.. Bye bye Pappu cant dance idiot Pappu cant dance idiot Till now he hasn't come He And from today he will never come He -And he must not be disturbing you No sir he.. Hey what he will you speak properly Hey Vishal.. .. give 16 number spanner Yes sir -Hi Bro When did he come? -l came before you Bro Then l was calling why didn't you pick up the phone My friends were calling me and disturbing me.. ..that's why l had kept it in silent mode -He is lying? No promise.. .. why are you so late? Hey come on start working He is learning the job nicely isn't it? He is working hard will learn lf he does anything wrong then tell me. Come on start doing your work go and do your work.. He will throw us out from the job Hey You behave properly Hey, now that you have done lots of drama now learn some job.. .. so that it would be of some help in your life Thank you Come on move, l wont give You learn the job and go at least Hey what is the matter tell me Hey -Take spanner not the chocolate -That Come on l will teach you the job Today worked too much in the garage loved it, l thought that l would be tough.. ..but l went on doing it and it happened. Okay that. Oh no l forgot my mobile Angel, what happened? Hey what who is afraid and with whom.. .. with this shadow.. .. one minute this is a tree's shadow.. ..what to get scared of come on close your eyes.. .. l will give you such a mantra.. ..that this shadow will vanish.. .. yes keep your eyes closed, open your eyes.. .. uncle chingu hakka uncle chingu hingu chong chow.. .. uncle chingu hakka uncle chingu hingu chong chow.. Uncle chingu hakka uncle chingu hingu chong chow. See this was Chinese mantra you are.. ..an Angel no one can scare you.. Not even me, Shall l tell you one thing.. ..you are not scared of this shadow.. ..you are scared of your loneliness. But l am there, there is no need to be afraid of. When ever you are scared call me on my toll free no.. .. see if you want information in Hindi then press 1 . And if you want information in English press 2 And if you want information in Chinese press 3, lf you want to talk to our customer.. ..care executive then press 4. And if you want to go back to the main menu press 0. Hello shall l scare the fright.. .. l am Abhay speaking from customer.. ..care how can l help you Angel.. Uh you are again scared of shadow? Shall l tell the Chinese mantra? l myself don't remember what l had told yes l will tell you.. Yes one minute shezwan sauce Chilli oh this was not that One minute Chingu ching chang chow Chowmein aunty, Manchurian aunt uncle hakka uncle noodle ha ha Chowmein aunty, Manchurian aunt uncle hakka uncle noodle ha ha Chowmein aunty, Manchurian aunt uncle hakka uncle noodle ha ha Chowmein aunty, Manchurian aunt uncle hakka uncle noodle ha ha lts ready sir How much payment was made? Hey Vishal how much? Four thousand -Four thousand Okay Take this -Thank you sir Okay Take this Listen Take Why are you giving me, give it to brother The charges of the parts are 2200.. ..and the rest 1800 rupees is yours No no why? Hey donkey this is the first pay of your job. You keep it with you.. ..your brother will not give a penny from this Five hundred thousand one thousand one hundred.. .. one thousand two hundred one thousand three hundred.. .. one thousand four hundred one thousand five hundred.. .. one thousand six hundred one thousand seven hundred.. .. one thousand eight hundred this is my first salary Hey. Hey excuse me. -Dr.Ali lrani's office is here only thank you You used to come here for the physiotherapy.. ..treatment two years ago Sonal.. .. traumatic brain injury.. .. five years ago she suffered from a trauma Dr.she will be fine? 100% she will be okay with the exercise and physiotherapy.. ..in fact will get well to a great extent. Such patients need emotional support with the treatment l want to explain about the are of physiotherapy.. ..been given and she was coming down let earlier.. .. its explain.. .. if you are patience just come here and he had a tumor.. .. and after removing Then Dr.Sonal can walk? She can talk also she needs proper exercise, this is Jyoti Yes -Jyoti is exactly like Sonal Yes Other than physiotherapy such patients need motivation also. Yes doctor your fees? This is a charitable hospital. Here one should not talk about fees Oh l forgot to ask one thing to the Mr. Angel.. ..l will come in one minute.. .. you stay here don't go anywhere.. .. okay Sorry excuse me.. .. Doctor l forgot to ask about the timing From morning seven to evening seven Seven to seven.. .. okay thank you Mary comes to Angel's house at seven.. ..in the morning and during day time.. .. brother will beat me Angel if you want to wear sexy dress.. ..then you will have to become sexy.. .. don't laugh.. .. come on start working. Why there are distances beetween us? Why life judge patience? Why there are distances beetween us? Why life judge patience? l think there is something, that you are with me. This is a coincidence, what else. When l'm with you, l wont feel like stranger to you. There is some reason that you are with me like shaddow. Come on say my name. Say Abhay. What is this yaar? You are not even trying. Abhay. Did you say something? Abhay. What? lf you here then whole world is with me. lf you are here then all happiness is there. lf you here then whole world is with me. lf you are here then all happiness is there. When l'm with you, l wont feel like stranger to you. There is some reason that you are with me like shaddow. l wont feel lonely.. ..my crazy mind makes me lough. l wont feel lonely.. ..my crazy mind makes me lough. l think there is something, that you are with me. This is a coincidence, what else. When l'm with you, l wont feel like stranger to you. When l'm with you, l wont feel like stranger to you. There is some reason that you are with me like shaddow. There is some reason that you are with me like shaddow. Abhay -Yes brother -l am going out on a urgent work.. ..have to deliver the car in the evening.. .. the customer is going to come in the evening -Don't worry bro.. .. the car will be perfect till evening -Okay Angel l am busy, l will call you afterwards what? Should l come? Don't make silly excuses.. .. you will not allow me to work? Please.. -Please Angel.. Okay l am coming but only for half an hour.. .. okay no promise me.. First promise me. Okay l am coming okay Vishal.. Vishal.. What happened? A problem has come up Want to meet Angel you will not introduce me to her? Abhay the food is getting cold, go and feed her Eat. Very good. Come on. Beautiful. Very good, come on eat excellent.. l wont feed you afterwards.. .. you will have to eat your self okay very good.. .. come on -Uh Hey Abhay what are you doing.. .. if he comes to take the delivery then? Oh l will go and come fast why are you taking tension But Abhay you try to understand -l will come in half an hour Come soon -Okay Bye Sonal.. .. take care of yourself Sorry for late sir -Till when will l have to wait? Some time sir please You told at five and now it is seven o'clock Sir please actually some more time sir please No no what sorry.. Sir Sir car sir l have taken the trail of your car. Sir it is running perfectly now there wont be any problem.. .. sir Thank you very much Sir sorry for inconvenience sir.. .. if there is any problem please give me a call sir -Okay Sorry again sir Abhay come here -Brother sorry.. .. listen to me brother Sorry brother Sorry brother sorry You deserve lT Sorry brother sorry Abhay Abhay You are okay Brother peeled off my skin. Hey see. You have read today's paper, if not then read it Had you told me before then l would have also enjoyed Brother. Hey angel you look very beautiful Why did you make me wear this dress Yes, l know that l had told that if you get.. ..100 percent okay then you have to wear it but what to do.. .. brother and sister in law's marriage.. ..anniversary is there today. -l wouldn't take you there simply. Many people will come. Angel has to look beautiful. Hello. -Hi. You people didn't wait for me and started eating also This is a family gathering and for this l.. ..have not reserved any seat for her okay -No problem bro.. .. l have bought the seat with me. Sister in law will you shift a bit please. Uncle you come here please. You go there please Thank you. Please Uncle you shift some more Mother please pass on the dal Who is it? Oh l am sorry l forgot to introduce.. .. this is my best friend Sonal Sonal this is my brother.. .. and this is my sister in law.. .. this is my mother and he is Kailash Malhotra Of course of course Kailash uncle and this is his wife You idiot this is my sister Okay uncle you should have sat with your wife.. .. see how much confusion is there She died two years ago. You understood or not What do l know l was in jail for two years. Sister in law you see they are your relatives.. .. you introduce them else l will make mistake Abhay you come out with me -Brother.. ..first lets eat something.. .. l am very hungry. -We will talk later -Come on Okay, l will come in two minutes Silence, you bring anyone and who is she? She is the one with whom l had an bike accident she is his Daughter -Yes why what happened? You have already spent two years in jail for that? Then why did you bring her this is a family get together.. ..and you know Priya how she is don't you know? lts enough of you both brothers Hey -l understand every thing -What You tolerate her l cannot tolerate her.. .. take her away from here immediately Understood. You take her away from her. He has bought the daughter of the.. ..man with whom he had an accident No family nothing Come on, no brother no sister in law no family.. .. nothing come on Please start They insult no family, nothing Say sorry. Sorry, say sorry What sorry, l tell sorry and go.. .. to those people, you have gone mad Say sorry Hey why say sorry? They were insulting you you didn't feel bad. l thought. You take out your anger on me. You don't get anyone, l have not made any mistake. You are a part of my life and you.. ..are part of that family also .. ..and if they don't accept you then.. ..l cannot accept them because.. .. l love you. l love you Angel l love you. Oh my God.. he is proposing her in the middle of the road l know.. Lets go. Okay. Well sorry to interrupt you guys The girl said yes or no tell me? l think she is thinking .. .. right He is so cute Oh man she loves you too. Give her a hug Lets capture this memorable moment l think this is the nice idea. -Can you have a picture please Yes, sure. Okay Thank you. Well you give your address to me l.. ..will courier you the photographs -Yes sure, one second Thank you bye thanks thanks -Bye -Bye -Bye Bye On the Moon.. ..slowly slowly l'll walk. No one comes to know. l walk on the moon slowly slowly. No one comes to know. Why desires are coming from my heart? Why l feel so? Dont disappear from my eyesight for a moment. Dont disappear from my eyesight for a moment. You are my Angel. Angel, Angel. You are my Angel. Angel. Angel. You are my Angel. This is true that.. ..world exist becouse of love. This is true that.. ..world exist becouse of love. May we met by coincidence. But dont leave my hand. l feel out of world since l found you. Dont disappear from my eyesight for a moment. Dont disappear from my eyesight for a moment. You are my Angel. Angel, Angel. You are my Angel. Angel, Angel. You are my Angel. Hey Angel what happened no one? Birthday Birthday whose birthday Mine Yours today is your birthday? Tell me what do you want Angel? Dance Dance, that's it what happened? What happened? Okay that couple dance.. You want to do that couple dance with me? Okay today is Angel's birthday what.. ..Angel wishes she will get it. Come soon Kamini.. .. that cake doesn't get wet Shut up Rupesh ten minutes. -Finish it in only ten minutes.. .. you understand -Okay come on Morning, you should have wished the birthday. What difference does it make -lts raining so much Kamini you don't understand if you tell.. ..this to the inspection party then Hey lock is not there.. Rogue.. What is going on? What is going on? Rape.. Help please.. Come soon. Someone come soon please -What happened? -Rape. Sonal has been raped. -Who is it? Call someone -Hey what happened? Come soon. -What happened? -Rape.. Who is it what is the matter, where is he? That goon is there.. Sonal don't be afraid nothing will happen to you. Hey Sonal your brother will not leave that rogue.. ..you don't worry.. You don't worry Hey enough.. move.. who is it hey mad man show me your face. What am l saying show me your face. Hit him.. Take him away.. Bring the victim to police station.. come l am ashamed to call him my brother.. What all l didn't do to correct him. l never thought in my dreams that.. ..he would do such a heinous thing Have you thought what must be going through my mind? l can understand.. On you.. You family on your sister what they must be going through.. l am ashamed.. l beg for pardon from you But what will happen ahead will be wrong What? There will be a court case.. What will you get from the court case That means you will take back this case? Yes l am thinking of taking back You understand -You are really a God.. your favor -No no l cannot forget through out my life l am ready for the settlement.. you understand that Means -That means.. whatever happened if you.. .. pay ten lakhs compensation for that.. ..then l will take back the case So l should give you ten lakhs for you to take back the case Yes for such cases you get that much only What do you think of yourself.. -Okay what do you wish to give? l wont give you a penny -l am ready to negotiate -Hey shut up Hey My brother will rot in the jail that would do for me.. ..and let this dirt be away from the society that's good.. And l will think that my brother is dead for me, understood Hey what type of brother are you.. he's your brother Have you ever thought of your sister.. have you ever asked What do you mean? -What do you mean means what.. The one who was enjoying with my brother.. Was roaming with him.. Have started the business to lure.. ..people and put rape case on them -Hey -Shut up l will break your face -Shut up -Hey you put false blame on me Hey l have seen many people like you Hey it seems the whole family is dirty What type of family are you.. l understand it nicely l will show your brother what type of.. ..punishment you get in rape case.. See now -Hey show me.. what you wish to show.. Hey l will think that my brother is dead for me.. come on go Hey brother with brother.. lnspector you sentence him in such a way that.. ..he will remember it through out his life You leave that on us. We know what we have to do.. Come on write.. slowly Sonal See what she is saying.. l cannot understand anything What will you understand.. l had told you earlier that she cannot speak. l am saying she was raped. Why are you irritating her by asking her again and again. Sonal. l am telling that only.. See what state they have made of her.. Why are you sitting like this.. tell me something l will show.. you write today is his birthday.. lnspector today it was his birthday.. We had gone to get a cake for his birthday, tell him.. -Yes sir Hey what to show, the inspector himself has seen it See madam this is legal procedure Okay inspector you do the legal proceedings but.. .. you give him such a punishment in the rape case.. ..that he should remember it through out his life One second.. now tell is this the same boy Sonal.. Sonal.. Sonal see what has happened to her Sonal.. Sonal.. Sonal Sonal.. now there is no need to scared Yes.. and take care of your self.. okay come When nothing was there, only God was there. When nothing will be here, only God will be here. Hey God. Hey God. Hey God. You are my saviour. You are my saviour. You are my strength. You are my saviour. You are my beliefe. Hey beat him. You can fill pearl in shell.. ..you can make sorrow into happiness. You can fill pearl in shell.. ..you can make sorrow into happiness. ln this moment l'll pray to you..My heart says.. Hey God save your follower always. Hey God save your follower always. Hey god. Hey god. Hey god. Hey god, hey god. Hey god, hey god. Hey God save your follower always. Hey God save your follower always. Breking.. ..no one will break my heart. Pain of tears are screaming. lts screaming. My prayer should not waste. Sun will rise again. Make way in the sea, and cross my boat. Hey god. Hey god. You can fill pearl in shell.. ..you can make sorrow into happiness. You can fill pearl in shell.. ..you can make sorrow into happiness. ln this moment l'll pray to you.. My heart is says.. Hey God save your follower always. Hey God save your follower always. Hey god. Hey god. Hey god. Hey god. Hey beat him Oh no Hey beat him he has raped a handicapped girl Come on get up Get up handsome, you found this handicapped girl to rape Sonal you have got a courier.. This is.. this is the same boy.. see Sonal. l met Abhay and came here. He was sentenced to seven years imprisonment in the rape case He has sent this letter, for you. He doesn't want your tears he wants.. ..your statement to bring him back. And for that you should get well Sonal Why there are distances beetween us? Why life judge patience? Why there are distances beetween us? Why life judge patience? l think there is something, that you are with me. This is a coincidence, what else. When l'm with you, l wont feel like stranger to you. There is some reason that you are with me like shaddow. lf you here then whole world is with me. lf you are here then all happiness is there. lf you here then whole world is with me. lf you are here then all happiness is there. When l'm with you, l wont feel like stranger to you. When l'm with you, l wont feel like stranger to you. There is some reason that you are with me like shaddow. There is some reason that you are with me like shaddow. Now Sonal would herself walk. Oh good. Everything is very good. By God's grace everything is fine you know that? That. -Abhay has come Abhay Angel you are my Angel. When nothing was there. Only God was there. When nothing will be here, only God will be here. Hey god. Hey god. Hey god. You are my saviour. You are my strength. You are my saviour. You are my strength. You are my saviour. You are my beliefe. You can fill pearl in shell.. ..you can make sorrow into happiness. You can fill pearl in shell.. ..you can make sorrow into happiness. ln this moment l'll pray to you..My heart says.. Hey God save your follower always. Hey God save your follower always. Hey god. Hey god. Hey god. Hey god. Hey God save your follower always.