The website of Bollywood Won Bollywood1.co Custom from the owner India's Top Cinemas in Bollywood Van 1Bollywood1.INFO Intagram Bollywood Van @ Bolly1official Bollywood Van Talking Telegram @Bollywood1official It stays here Great City Here, Shiva's bayonet governs everyone Here you are in Varanasi, your dash lives under his shadow. He rules all I am dard i am ... I've given you my life, Don (big criminal) Yuppy There is no one who does not know me There is no one who can confront me I was born Now listen more, act (reader) says No one is like me All my little brothers Anyone who attacks from behind shoots it He takes everyone, removes his head He completes his throat Whenever you fight, you will surely win Together with the lion, it's like a winner John Doon, my dad This is yours Swallow and Nightingale when the voice comes in, sing Do not hate Daddy dan Daddy dan Daddy dan Translator: Sepideh and Yasin Professional and audio translation from Bollywood Van Bollywood1.Co "Your daddy does not speak" Translation from Bollywood Web site You fool, you steal and run away? Your dad will build your life Are you betraying her with her? Do you have friendship with Mishra helicopter? Do you participate? Listen, it was Miashra's gun What should I do on my head? Daddy John, who disappeared in the last 3 months Gupta ... If you do not listen to the prayers for three months, God Do you change your god No, I'm sorry, this is not at all It was a bad situation, I'm doing anything for you Excuse me, I can not see you Have you studied English for three months? How is this possible? English? Your dad is dying to educated people ... how much respect You know Gupta this Yes of course Make sure you have a chance Ask two questions Two questions What is the Taj Mahal? Agra Arifin Gupta The second question Do you have a ridge with a few rupees? Three hundred crore? If a builder wanted a theft like you It would be so great You make that time with 25 Do you have a degree, John? I sent the king of the world from the grave and asked him She said, "I'm dead." I made 25 crore, let me sleep, please Now I'm sending you to the king of the world Go there, ask yourself Gupta what is this? I'm pregnant stand up - Gupou dear Do you remember Caravagh today? All your day is yours, but this one day Is not your wife? If Pato out of this I do not want to get back ! I see Let's go out Come back inside Come go out again Sapna Dupe is the boss I am my boss Okay, your support is coming, he's going to go Caravecate? Today I am alone Why are you feeling upset Control your self - Gopu you go I do not think so Waitress - Thank you, John, I always love you Now you see what it's like Seeing your dad, John, you have to go before him Doctor ward He is Dr. Bisigar come come What happened to my dad? Sit down They are two years old who did not read two years? Yeah - Smile early Laugh loud now Sir, I'll laugh at this for 2 minutes Sir this is your bullet and bullet. With Your bullet just happens Go now Whenever you see me you should be lazy Sit down You sat down Who is sick What disease do you take? Who is sick Daddy dan What is the master Daddy John is feeling angry when hearing some of the things what? It makes you feel painful - He pays the money he must take Who needs to kill you Because of this business we are in danger No problems Yes! Yes Volt, so easy, no? - Yes! Yes Did I say right? - Seven months Seven minutes Seven o'clock Seven minutes It says the harmonic imbalance Your dad, your life, these conditions sick Instead of crying, laughing That's what happened ... sometimes Ask me for 20,000 Twenty thousand this Come on this 3 rupee varnishes It's like this No, I did not mean that That's exactly for me Let it happen Daddy dan Doctor Dr Is all this colorful tablet? Do not be afraid, these are different drugs for Different modes You look at me Do whatever you want Do it from the bottom of your heart Do i do - Yes sure Really? Saw, the doctor is telling you Right now? Do my dear, do it Well then I'm doing it now Daddy John has a good feeling I said what you want to do, do what your hands do Do not take meendo I'm comfortable with stress today I encountered myself, I saved myself Doctor Hevrhta stresses, he sings the song !Stress! the doctor You dying Accept my words Go away, give it away, and cut it off You are very good doctor I introduce you everywhere Wait my life, wait Daddy John, listen ... Where does love come from? But everywhere it may be This is not here Bangles, Bangles My diamond bangs Tell my beloved, do not bother me Bangles, Bangles My diamond bangs Tell my beloved, do not bother me Since last June I have not talked about it Come on, I'm tired of waiting I kept open my sleeping eyes ... you You are mine Seeing you this sentimental heart go to hell Without you, the spring is fantastic Make a compliment, let's join our hearts together The link between you and you is definite I kept open my sleeping eyes My diamond bangs Bring to my beloved do not annoy me I talked to him since June I did not go, I'm tired of waiting I kept my sleepy eyes open Give me your hand I'm coming home Behold, I can not live without you Am i oxygen For me, you have oxygen ... I smiled at you, danced with you .... This does not mean that Sapna Dupe has believed her career And give it away I have a lot of work, I'm going Go to Pinkie sister- what are you doing? Eight months waiting for sister's husband Who will come and get you Now what's up, what do you do? Pinkie! You do not know the marriage policy ... Now that I've come, I'm fine ... I get everything that I want Then i go Greeting Live my daughter - Have not you gone yet Let's go ... Sapena ... me Let's go my son Kayal again, this day is revealed, O God It does not look like anything today Daddy John, you're welcome You put me in front of all my little ones I went to see my wife I'm all small before Did not accept his wife? Did you go away? Said you have come Did not you do anything Where do you know where you say what he said? Psychology tells you that something is happening Come on, it's the habit of all the women I cry for a change in my body Get the women out, they're creatures unknown no no no. You do not understand This is the problem of all women But you said something about that I pay tribute to you You went and loved your wife You voted He did not accept What does this prove? You like him I love it- If you have a woman about her, okay Friend if you can not Excuse me, as the doctor said, Wait a few days for her woman Think sick and do not care about it But what can you do? The husband is the husband I'm not talking about daddy What should a husband do? Daddy sit down Look at the husband for a look How do you feel about your wife? How many months have you gotten your cartoon? Do you like a woman? Someone will tell you the good news, your wife likes? If your dignity diminishes, the woman will love her? So then something else is done The whole country knows you Every attack and every street is just your poster Do you know, don. Big don Defeat the enemy Defeat the enemy It also takes the name of the cat They are Helicopter Mishra You have a purpose in life End your dash administration He rules himself to Varanasi Mishra helicopter does not lift, he raises the rest Respect me Get the paperwork you want to sign We can not sell this land About our land and our destiny, we just gave her the decision Kidding Time is dead, John is dead, now is the time The helicopter is mythical Your dad will decide let's go? Bollywood Van Talking Telegram @Bollywood1official Hello friends, today we want to bring you with one of the people ... get acquainted with Bollywood A person who has earned three movies of a thousand crore ... and theirs Goldie Kapoor You only care about one thing in my life Money Money supplier My next movie has at least 500 crore profits Five hundred crore? It's a trade It talks about a thousand crimes I know we're kidding for a thousand crimes, which one? I do not know, investigate it Number and address cut I'll show you, go along Sorry who is it? His dad John Terry di speaks Watch my dad for the kids, three-dimensional And that's brash Hey listen Do you understand this phone? Do you know what your dear Time is calling, then call Okay, I'll call for a few more minutes where were we? Sorry who is it? Lucky Singh, on behalf of his dad Mr. Goldie is filming When will you return I do not know- what happened? What does he say? I do not know - How stupid did you say two hours later She said she did not know when the director came back Sorry Stop filming Who's this? Mr. Goldie Kapoor The last three years have been filming since Get started But my movie has not started yet Just for the sake of you, Guldi Kapoor Do something, get my money back Today, right now Make a check Mona is a long time following this director From that time on, it just cuts off the phone Give the phone, I'm talking to him Hi what Bobby speaks Hello uncle, sir, your dad rusty Daddy dead, how rusty Yes daddy I am a jerk I will not make a 3D movie Talk to Vikram Check out who you are My phone is cut off Call her again ! Cut off Give me a boat Take the check - The phone rings, give it Three-dimensional "speaks" Jackie 3D - I'm free time Jackie Shrove or Jackie Pattenager? Jackie Chan you got it? You see Hong Dang I call Varanasi Tom, how are you? 3D - Tom Smell or Tom Holter? Tom Cruise Fool Jackie and Tom? I do not understand Thierry Dm - Mission Impossible 3D It can be, do not worry Now I understand Thierry D What do you think, do you think? Tom Cruise, Jackie Chan, Amir Khan, everyone The world is for us A budget of $ 500 for a film, its revenues Unmatched Keep this check on you no no no - Please! Please do not ask for this - Why? - Making my first film again Come on to give me your money If I'm dead, it does not matter to me, this is your check Ok, Allens tell them the rest of the details please come The money for Goldie Kapoor, just goes Does not go anywhere good morning Welcome to Yuppy Yupi? I am ui ui Mirzapur here 300 km, me How did i come here My daddy was telling the move ... You came here too Come here, dear director You walked in the city with Inver Overnight car Today, go to the traditional way What is your life for this life? Man is a moment, it was a moment As it was yesterday in Bombay, you are here tomorrow You are astmona Hey, I do not scare you with this I made the same black scenes, did you know? I'm not a little kid, very famous ... What was his name, colonel Matar Come on, I know, you're all in prison What sound was this from behind? check it Oh damn How many times did I tell you after we killed someone? Do not challenge your own land Put it in the water Who is this miserable? This is a niche Your face is broken, look right Challenge everyone, call your name Which one to understand Come see her watch Auraa, this is my life see No, not this bitch, Colonel Maturue What was your director dear, did you want to talk to? Come talk straight away Mr. Dadash John Turdi, you do not need this You get involved with me this problem Just a thought, about the smurf You should not be dragging a little something like this one Daddy dan Studied what's up here? Your exam is John what is this? Two questions The first question Amitab Chikara Abishik? It's easy Amitab Bachchan, Abishik's father The second question Amitab, chikare amitab? This is what the question is! Not a question at all The question is true I am answering this, Amitab, the name of Amityab That question was rejected Congratulations You've lost 11 crushes you have to pay in 11 days Your appointment has started now Eleven crore eleven days Where do i go That's wrong I know and you ask me two questions I'm answering two questions right now I'm poor, do you know? Famous director Goldie Kapoor So what about me? You do not understand Take a picture with such a famous director You are also a famous doctor My head explodes Mummies swallow My blood pressure is high I'll call you later What's your head Do you like it? Do you have blood pressure? Where do you know I heard this here, God listened to me Lulu My name is Introduce me Lulu They are my boss Dr. Bodsaygar Famous psychologist from Mirza Pour Mirzapur? How do you live there? - Just let's go sir Are you going? - It's yours, it's yours You know I got a stolen Bombay here kidnap Do you have anything The treatment is the answer, sir What treatment? Nothing, your trusted agent He has a weak spot Is it a weak spot? what do you say! Sit down Remember me This weakness loves him Can i take a picture? Get caught Yes sir? what has happened? Picture Take it Yes sir? what has happened?- Take a picture of Lulu just a moment Can you get it Present? What is your disadvantage? She is a confidante You know when filming Salman Khan from Psychologically, one problem was found I'm looking for my doctor Salman Khan? Salman Khan himself? From Kay Salman Khan - No, I mean, I mean I heard a lot of complaints You say, what's your problem .... you know Tell me, doctor, I can cure him I can not say Let's say Is a confidante Confidential Sir, finish this game confidentially Open it sir Are you all here Is not it strange? ... The main cause of the illness was John Bridney The woman is dead The director has arrived sooner If I knew, we wanted 3-4 additional craters What do you say, I do not have the money I'm hungry and dressed. Everything I get is here The reason is that I can not make a movie now what film? It was a romance story Couple story A skeptic woman and an innocent husband The woman wounds her and goes away Eight years of marriage, the wind fades What's the use now? Seven months Sapena went to me and gone Did your wife and welton You and my story are like you What's next That's what it should be Sorry Woman finds out her mistake She goes to her husband Crying, begging He goes to spray and apologizes An innocent husband also brings him Happy Ending This is a movie story You will not be like that No, you can not die Ok do not accept If I have your story I'll show you a glimpse of it The woman she had not seen before He loves you that he has not felt so far Do not show all this to you? He finds out his mistake Will or not Sapena does not do this Why does not she Really? Sure- Well then I'll make a movie How much budget do you want Sixty one crore- Sixty one crore Excessive What are you doing Back to Sapna? shame on you We make films Take these 11 crimes for consideration Mubarak, my dad is the producer I'm going to leave the rest of Mumbai Is Sapna going? The saws are sure to come If I'm not directing you, I'll be directing you You make the world next to you OK Your dad John Dadish John You let Polar go back in my car a couple of more years Hey where are you going? I'm going to be the author and the rest of the gameplay You're not going anywhere Where do you look Get it all here Let's start early, when will my supporter get back? Daddy dan amazing What is the title, Daddy, the wonderful name of the film, okay? Do you like sapena I'm so sorry for you I fell in a hurry Sapena is happy - Aunt Listen to her Get acquainted with him, Mr. Paron listen A hard work writer, who is trying to do it Get out of here I rebel - But the part of this will change very soon The quest for this will be much more O God, there is a real scene Like a real donkey house Goliide is an idealist Play the game !Great! Who wants to know that you're not really a gangster? Are you a character Great Do you know who you are? Do you know why i did this Why why why? Cut Cut - What that is This is Goldie Kapoor's movie, the Octa Kapoor series Why You Why Why Why You Thrice Oh, actress, feel it Take it and tell me why you did it If you do it again, I'll take your mother to death Hey Baba, this movie feels very important you got it? Show me now !Bro Who was talking Medium Look at this here, dad John Thoridy The world's famous gangster from Utopia Do not worry, he's the producer of our movie Mr. Tridee is the author of ours, Mr. Paron Very good writer Sorry How much do you not get? No, what's your point My daddy is a great writer ... wrote so much a big movie Which movie did you write? What can i say now what do I say! What was the movie The whole movie the actor tells me what to say No, it's a lie This is a lie, she was a good film, she liked it The false tale of the truthful man, what he wrote Okay, you're miles You Miley, Hollywood movie, English as well Now tell me your money, Dada My brother is a family member, please give me one ... you know Dada Yeah One crunch is so much, how are you? Thirty percent discount Seventy lacquer, finished It is very worthwhile Yeah, you just rub your lash, you're mine DVD movie, I want to see Do not do this, it will die Sir Oh God, where do I go from now on? Elo Paron, Baba- Which daddy Sanjo Baba Shut up, your brain flawed Baba Amar, the literary width Do this movie Come here, I'll do something for you No no, daddy, I do not need your work I got a movie, with the famous director, Goldie Kapoor Where did this sound of bullets come from? Filming is taking place, Police besieged the mafia group Come on, shoot more bullets, also a gangster Should not stay alive Okay, daddy, I'll go O God, if you know Dad about Don and do not know about Dad My guys are surrounded by me Mr. on this side I am on my behalf Chief Badag Singh Come on, ordering you from now on, you With Gupta you have nothing to do If from now on, you will deal badly with them You're in this country, not you, not your group, not the réistone I do not see you That's the kind of person you've come to here Then you sat down before them I apologize for this Your Name? I'm called the boss Bob did not remember you as a child, someone is yours Say, give your full name Things, Gajinder Singh Who tells you the boss? Okay, who sent you? Something, my friend sent me I'm sorry His father's name is Da Vinzer Sinhe, his father is Mahnaj Komaray From yuppies What's up sir Tell all the cities of Utopia Yupi cities, oh, you Campus, Mahadiou, Vince Parad Pretium, sorry sir Sir, you know, thank you sir, for your sight I was happy, I became happy, I became glad Geographic information saved You are a very good person Gupta, what should we do with you now? You are a commercial com pany that makes up 10 of Shops for dadash No no 15? - No no 20? - OK. Automatically I do not have Come on automatically Thanks - My heart is that I have nothing You do not interfere He is a helicopter partner With the Minister of Political Affairs This decision can only take it The result of thinking and deciding you is not my essence The result is in line with our decisions How valuable is this palace? Sir, at least 7 million crore What do you say buddy You see that part of the right, making it there Baba, we need to write the script Let's write the script that you can not write here Look at the palace Did you write a good scene? Right now he defined a good scene - Really? There was a scene in your home - What's up with the Hindus? Home - ... you're at home in the morning ... birds are singing ... The sun is coming up ... the color of the whole orange ozonation ... think, my wife, Sapna ... His hair is thrown over his shoulders ... with an orange sari His hand is coconut and he's walking Coconut ... The coconut that you have in the tray of prayer Going to your feet My foot? Daddy you are the Holy Prophet for your brother God are you Is Sapena doing that? It does not matter What a lovely scene How much do you want? Uncle Come ! Sapna - What do you do, you gave us all this? Get it back No, no, you get it, you guys do not mind this What did you do Lightweight Daddy John, for a movie ... be real I wanted to ask you how you and your wife were from Separated? It was a very bad day Stephanie, you helped us Caused Sapna's misconception Sapena, you made a mistake Sapnaaa I do not wanna be widowed For this very healthy year I'm not mistaken I'm still not a mother, I'm so good for you Stephanie You're wrong ... Stephanie's husband That jeoparded me for my sake Because of that, I am here now here I am happy and happy ... think now .... you and me I understand these assumptions very well Stephanie is friends .... so much so that you You wanted to make that foreigner out of this house You wanted to do it to me Repent repentance What do you say, you fall asleep like that I could not do it Do you remember the early marriage of Sapna? You always asked, I'm cumming? Where do I go, when will I go? What am I doing for you? I defined you for my work How much did you like me Not It was doubtful I always doubted you You're skeptical ...O God What else? - Now I'm sick? That girl, what's up? I can not stand it again Everything is fine, you do not trust your husband Do not you trust Talk to me and what else you have What's the good thing Han Well then I'm not using it anyway Sapena is coming you got it? I did not mean that- !I did not mean that .... sapnaaaaa Sapena Brother She's gone, why are you crying? - I felt sentimental What is the emotion - ... Daddy ... My wife, Sapna Stop daddy Daddy John Wonderful Mishra helicopter, you must have heard my name Yeah i heard You went too high upstairs But what's up there, Yeah Did you come to this day today? What would I tell you if he wanted John a few years ago Like you somebody Now, I've become bigger than you Today i am juluto So big to see me here? And you're new to bending and respecting me? What do i say Son of a friend, respect I learned the older from childhood I was a simple man, I changed my life Without medication, and in the hospital, I will get the name of God Little by little, I learned a very important subject ... that if the world has something worthwhile That pile You know, John, I've got a rupee, too I can bear it Then you lost your life to 70 crore ... I'm for my money I can bend and bend the rest They need to be horizontal Do not you wise How many times have you told me, in the middle of the letter? I'm talking, blond guy, he's getting it Fool ... I know it's so shameful ... if that land that you named yourself I can not get back to you If you were so big a name It was not necessary to go back to Gupta If I am the head of this I'm not going to leave you in two steps ... hahahaha Try to understand That you understand something to others First you must be wise Intagram Bollywood Van @ Bolly1official Remember Goddess Give the name of your mind Watch out for us Remember the goddess, remember the name of the goddess Take care, take care of us If it's God's shank Hey goddess One and only one hundred and one I want to know more about you Someone who miracles you, you guys When your blood is in your current vein Adam will be like kings The soul will reappear again Like a king When to quarrel Out of the eyes comes out fire You are attacked from the four sides Ears are torn when you call her Wait another day, do not go from here You go, then stop him I accepted that Why do not you accept? You are against the whole world The day I got in the Ganga River My whole body stretched out The way things are done The whole city knows me as a psychologist, but They make a mistake Sapna Dupe Homecoming ghetto Here and there, the road to fights, but when you go The poor will change completely It's the same for me Look what happens to you, because of your husband When you go, you think the camera is hidden Suspicious talk, marble nights Foreign hands around her hair Namely, you got stuck at home Hello Goddess Why are you so tired? what has happened? It's all because of these hackers I understand, I found a supplier for this One that has a lot of money That is a strange name, they have died He has a lot of money, so if you give him two crates, tell him 6 crore Later channeled, 25% down Once again, you will get the money that we will divide There is a little problem, he is Do not you I'm impressed by your story, you're a lover You are real Husband are very effective in returning a woman You are making films, how romantic they are Why do not you play the first role? Very handsome, handsome What better way to play this game You are awesome I like Sapna very much I can not make love to her Dada, you speak like God I play this movie, I'm playing the movie We found the actress Okay Malice Let's talk about your wages How much do you want for this movie? Who was talking about money for you now? I'll give you a special discount Only 9 crore What Enough, it's just a little 9 crore- Give her a pillow Come on eat, everything is fine In fact, it's the doctor's pill to make love to with his wife ... gave him Lucky is wrong, he has already lost his pill It's one, nine, three Daddy John felt good And that marmalican mosque used to do this Come on and touch me What does the car make, what does it do here? To What have you come what has happened? If you come here, it will burn all over Come and make your dreams come true Come to my arms Your wife is here! You did not tell me Where is dupe Scroll Lucknow- When Yesterday- Did I send the paper that I sent, or not? When not, how to read? Come inside How do you tell your dad inside? They swear they will not come home What's inside the house? The song is playing Okay, I'll tell you a secret What a secret Uncle's Secret - Uncle? She promised to play actress Bojpuri, who plays her She's talking to her uncle Oof, this is my tribute to John Adam Bride You came my daughter! Very good, you're alive My name is me what has happened? I never thought you'd be so posted I? You must be embarrassed Embarrassing What did I do? With your disdain, your dignity was saved But what did you say to the bride? we do not know Oof, with whom I will give you this Uncle why do you look sick? Mona is your life like a Chinese movie What you see and see but nothing happens what do you mean? The bride came last night when you were having love and being Is Sapena Coming? So why did not anyone tell me anything? Your dad was busy with love and now Fun? Let's take your car go fast We do not need your movie again, come back to Bombay, your wife She has sent a divorce letter, and her case is going to dissuade her what are you saying? Take the car If she returns to her, the movie closes me, from Where do I make money then? I have to do something Come on car, wait for you Why are you bothering me? I want to get you Juventon I'll throw you I do not want to explain to you- what do you mean? The woman in charge wants you to do the same - You were afraid to take a divorce letter to the foot of Zenton Forgive me, tell me whatever I do Do not be so big, your wife can be I can not be a slave to anyone I tell you what you should do Call and tell me to get ready for divorce Divorce I love him I know, but as you wanted to Look for it, it will be your side simply Call Catch Pinky, her sister's rang You see, it was dismounted Hello Sapena Are you divorced? Ok send yours Morsi was awesome Pinky became miserable Do not cry sister Dupe, I can not do that Somebody sends a dope from behind There is one who is driving the rear seat Abjehi, Malika Kapoor Malika Kapoor, welcome What happiness do you see right? Salafi Sure- Malica John, what did you do in the movie As you, your deceiver husband, have taught you My heart was crazy I love it Are you in the boutique of Sapna, my suit and trousers? Guy Yes, Sure Classical- Yes, what's the size? Height 180 Wide scoops Chest 56 Malika Jan, there are only two people of this size One of my babies, one is Mr. Dupe Hey Pinky Take two three to one coat with the size of your sister's husband Honestly, my husband was the same Was? Just divorced my phone right now Oh, I'm sorry But you are so normal You say sorry, she divorced me, I am I gave her a divorce Malica John, my name is Sapna Dupe, nobody dares ... do not get in touch with me, then you call the phone What do you like? Bright gray, packaged? Yes, be sure to pack your pink, Yeah Drink a cool drink Did you survive the 3rd check of your dash? I like it my share Prepare yourself for a lifelong contribution. Gouldy Great how are you Easily, Sapna Dupe from John A. Augustine's life Malice arrived You know what I say This is Miss Malika For her thief OK It is For a beautiful night, a new friend's new life with love Uncle, who was he? Who sent me I do not know- Sapena I said no? Do you call bk Sister husband Phone rings Listen, take it yourself Hello I am I know I know- Sapena, you've done a lot of work that you did Did you really want this? Who does not want this foolish man? Mr. Dupe, I sent a mistake Wrong or true, at least you did the right thing I'm so glad that I did not think Where is the Divorce? Divorce I said about the flower Flower? What did you send with suit? Which jacket are you? - This gray coat You swoon the dog for you, you do not understand Dog? shut That's what I see Professional translation and audio translation from the Bolivu Web site Bollywood1.Co Mona Wowie is like me who are you? I'm acting Pony Singh, it's quite like you I was looking for a role, I heard that they made a new movie here Sir, there are two more tragedies here Kill her two Bollywood Van Talking Telegram @Bollywood1official Turn on the car Go Uncle, strain your blood strain Car out Intagram Bollywood Van @ Bolly1official ... who sent you to kill me You did not tell me that I did not run away, I ran away Tell him who killed you and your dear Davy Diall Dupe known as Trydi This time you can not understand the lamb Say, speak for a few minutes Death is not with anyone who owns the business itself Long live the moon This is not lost Elo Sapna- are you well? Saw I'm fine. I wanted to know that it was not something ... no sapena, I am without you I'm stopping another, bypass Worry Hey Mishra, you were saved by the phone of a woman Otherwise, it was your corpse Thank you woman! What do you do Do you want to kill me Good day, give you a little alms Long live the moon Well, sir, you're out, very eaten, and you're out of the way Hey what's up Drinking, he tells you the truth When I'm upright, I'm not lying Whatever you say, you tell it, apart from the truth You say something You are a nonsense writer cheers You saw right. Do you all know My dad John, hello Hey, we're hard at work, all we have to say is silent That gangster, whatever he says, silences him why are you laughing? Fine, go What did you die When I'm upright, I'm not lying Shut up You hat all of you, I've hat on you You know that you've lost 11 corners, now, each Missing you in the 11th week Sir sir I'm looking for you What was your dear director? Moody's Astonish What did you drink in my drink? This is the penny I'm Pany, I'm proud I saw the movie Darda Mona very much, I'm a director I could not have thought that I was awaiting you what's up here? Mr. Director, it's now my movie hero- Champion? John's dad is superb How are you? Where is Trida? If you tell her, she'll be very good I'm sorry for you where is it? we do not know- The world's best actor Darmandra Jay, Sunny J. Now Pony Jay Just a few minutes later, he told Gaudy the actress I'll be a star I'm so sad about you Malika Mrs. Then I did not talk to you that night - I sent flowers, suit, I called several times I forgot you did not I know you're so busy Did you speak English, Punjabi? How cute For Sapena, you learned English, for the sake Am I Punjabi You know, Talibin says my couple are wonderful ... you know what I mean Come What are they doing? I'm doing it Why i do not want to Because i'm doing You kay hseni This is Panic Singh, the film's hero You were using me too You came to me Very few, I can not work with this little person listen English no, Punjabi, please- You are so nice and attractive that everyone wants them to be with you Can not you die Charming charm My suit Do not coat, filmed, hurry- Get out of the kids, light I make this coconut? Uncle, leave this scene okay, and then you break the coconut You see me happy !Sorry- My dialogue Do not fight I'm practicing a dialogue What is dialogue pony You see me happy Say goodbye, just say that You do not understand I'm the Actor Hey, let's sit on the kids The dialogue is very good for the same time Hey, you can say goodbye, you do not get a good dialogue Are you insulting No, it's a good dialogue. Punjabi Tap, Take Yupa Goalie do something Dear writer, the sun set, what's up here? Your dad brought your life You are directing, telling me, you made several films Go tell her Now tells him I'm ready !What's going on- Let's go One tells me where to break this coconut I'll tell you whenever you need to break it- So when? Move- You see me happy O God cut Complete the dialogue Dada- Sapena you are good? Spencer, you're so beautiful in Sari But you're not good at all This is an unlucky suit Disloyalty?- Yes, yes, suit, Ms. Gamegather's choice Gift card You gave me a gift - You divorce me on my phone line, I'll send you a suit Is this possible? no it's not- Listen to something else I did not come to see you I did not come to see the filming I've come to see you make your movie a hero once I'm evil Your wife is not evil, you are the goddess of God Greeting My name is Sapna Dupa. Of course I know- No one defines this poor, you tell us in our industry the writer I am the parony of the ear I'm Goddie Yes, Mr. Goldie Kapoor, I'm on my side What sweet I saw all your films- You really make a very good movie Okay, tell me what the scene is and Sapna DuPa You want to do The woman has a good dialogue Look at her brother's wife here. In the Ganges River you will drive two boats You are one of us, and you are one of them, John, you tried It gets you No, no, no such thing happened at all Dunbar Paron My dun paron It was not so So how was that? - It was such ... how was it? ... I do not know if he gave me a reminder or not ... how is it possible? How can i forget Do you remember Celebration of color Hey Mona, the time you did not have a gun I lit a cigar with a bullet Looks like you do not like yourself I love your daughter so much Or give it to me, or take me off Let me take you later, first tell me my daughter Have you accepted We did not think we would get your permission first, that's his lifetime He intends to first of all take great pleasure Later we will meet it If that answer is rejected? We force it- He's going to get the bride The first answer is yes and your good prayer I just sneezed, I did not say anything I really liked your confidence ... I'm so glad on my behalf The answer is yes Father, if your answer is yes, why do not you go with it? I?- Where do you look at your dad? Answer it What this answer is I answer I do not want to marry you Why you have a problem Shut up, I have no trouble you have ... I am giving this to a wise guy Ignorant ignorant I do not marry the ignorant sailor My husband and I have to come together, completely English I get married with an educated person Go away, do not go with you Do not you? - Hey, my daughter is completely right, go away Hear it or not, spit it out Little stars are flashing, I'm Terti I love you Great, who does not know the alphabet, because of his love Learn a perfect song How romantic your dad John is Very romantic bull sheet- Tricked me To learn English, to learn English As soon as I got stuck, you remember English Then all this, it must be a romantic song Have Come on, I got your color to myself Come on and paint me as you want I swear by God that your eyes are innocent I want to live in my eyes cut Who is the director, who is the man who dreams this way? That's wrong, this guy thought to be Dickish Beautiful What a beautiful thing Man must be I'm gonna waste my time I swear by God that you have a blind eye I want to live in your eyes I swear by God that you have infinite eyes I want you to live in my eyes My heart wants to stay here I'm drowning the whole day Your eyes make me crazy Look, tonight tonight to Pasta Think that it's Diwaliyah tonight Without you I do not want to miss a moment you are my world Your color has astonished me I'm drowning the whole day Ok, it's over We run the body scene, bring a corpse The body wants I murdered him say Daddy Jaysi, the director wants a body What I killed the one just now Afterwards Okay, I'm going Let's take it, people, when they are not filming Then you were tormented by your death In the last 10 minutes, this person has not changed his heart What is a pledge, then cumulate the video In the next movie, I give her a dead role, with a dialogue I took that number a long time ago The new director wants to get the number Does not know My daddy, my friend, is a penny Is here now what to do now? I do not know- Do not stop filming Why shut down? - Outside the police Okay, we're letting the video go ... have permission, but that corpse I know it is hana It's the body of the corpse His job is to make money, which is a corpse. Shut your dad What to shut up do not shut up-- You're crazy to say that you are mad. Actor, that's fine He plays the role Hey shut up stand up Look at him I was impressed, you will play the next movie With the dialogue OK? Now finish the game That fellow. is dead Take it from here We saved him. What did your body do? I put it in an old car I see What what have you done? Have you thrown a car in the car of the commissar? Elo This time it was just water, next time it might be acid- Who is talking I do not know- Lucky Good luck you saved this time ... Daddy will give you John. Otherwise Watch the movie or else you will find your body I'm filming He was talking like a chain killer. I'm terrified Did you cut off the phone or I'll cut it off O God, the phone is cut off or your neck Dada was a beautiful dialog ! The woman is afraid of dry skin, you think of a dialogue shame on you you do not worry- My dad is knowing, it's the job of someone Will not be forgiven The wife of Dadash Sapena. please come Mrs. Malice is very upset, but she should come Because Dupe has a lot of enemies what do you mean? Someone may attack him at any one time It's always your knife in your pocket Goldie The right woman tells her that everyone is near her At any moment, it may be gone forever Max, Madan, Moan, Morley Shut up Lucky- !what has happened? Why are you afraid of Malice? My name starts with M, Malika Goldie I was very stressed here But now that's fine here Mrs. Malice, do not worry, I've come to sit again Hello Hello Do you know when he rang? We are trying hard to stop the phone from answering. We are afraid that someone will threaten the Dupean family Okay We'll solve it first, understand who it is who is us Annoying The renowned Utopian, his dad John Teredy The movie is made Now he's dying to give you a great gift, Your name is a helicopter, that bitch is flying Stop it! Your dad John Dadish John My ear filled with his name The bitch also has the name of the offender who is going forward Going I do not destroy it, I'm not a Mishra helicopter Chowtha, go and kill his female actress and bring him here who is it? Bob says Tridy Mishra, do you want to kill my actor? Do you want to close my movie? Catch the phone, my idiot is the head of your every single person Separating I will not live Cut off But heard the whole thing again? He heard Do not miss it, darling Frightened Who was who What is the phone? Get your phone on My dad is all over I'm thinking of something, I've got John on that side How do you know? Do not be afraid, darling, there was no chance at all Call It was not the time for the call, the phone was all silent Well then, where did I find out what I think of? Relax. ... I mean, I think of something, no no no I do not think - you think I do not think anymore Hello my dad Help our dad, we are the family of the soldier We are the army We all gave the martyr country This is the son of this brother !My husband Everything the Earth gave us, Mishra helicopter force Took us from We tried hard to fight the enemies in the country But we lost this battle I respect the army more than anyone else And an army will never fail Hey Mishra, see who is here I will not go anywhere without inviting you, if I go, it looks like you Why did I come until I told her why Can not breathe Like you Mishra breathe, sit down Daddy John, you are our guest, what can I do? To do you I just want the plots of the widows Why are your dad guilty of looking for these widows? I heard that for the sake of a widow, the wife of her husband sent you Now you are looking for this widow, think ! What does the woman do? Oh, Miashra jokes I did not say that You do not know the woman you give Sapna If my daddy suppena understands that you made me joke with me You are every single bare alley you rotate Oh, oh, do not be here, look no it's not- To say this is a joke You're so funny Give me the sanda come and get it One joke to be happy, sign up Do you know the price of this land? A project of seven hundred cores Why do not you bother yourself? See how much the widows land Double it You know, John, you and I can go to Varanasi We rule Take my hand and see for yourself Mishra is very smart What did you suggest? But I have to ask you two questions Ask ok, what's the fear for what? Question 1: Who is the King of the Forest? Lion Adrian was very good Second Question: What is the lowest of the world? How are you? Man- A man like you Is this your life? Insulting Long live the moon The camera comes out here, it's a good shot Do you shoot me the shot? Let's take one or two of my beautiful scene A moment Yes? Director, shut this movie Otherwise, I will tick and you will be in the alley of Varanasi Do you think Again, if I'm alive, I'm not bulletproof, with a bomb Exploding just a moment Explode Who is talking Hello, my dear John- Sorry ! Lucky- Sorry my wife The whole map was ruined Lucky was not afraid to start filming Lady Malice, you were in danger because of me Purpose? My wife, Sapena Sapena wants Malice to go and the filming will be closed Why not shut the video? What do I do with movies? I want Sapena to come back Now Darwak gets jealous John Darwach's messenger, because the filming continues ... if the video is shut down Who else is the one to decide on the scene? You go, we have a new author His dad is writing A true story What does his dad write, who is he? No, no, my wife, I'm taking a fire from jealousy I want to be more fun I want to accept all the conditions Promise that he never doubts me Panning Singh, Dupe is playing with me But he does not know that I'm the hero of this game Do you have a wife, do not you? Why are you telling me? You have to express your passion So I burn the dope out of jealousy I want to make me jealous Goodbye, I'm going to make him afraid You're coming along Daddy dan the light- The camera has to be here, it's a great scene Pinky, I'll break this neck This is my dear actor Your sister's husband? Saw Saw, no, no, I'm Pany- The wife of her dignified wisdom Hello. Today you are helping me with great gratitude My friend pani I can do anything for you- I swear to Goddess, I'm very angry now There's a lot of fire now It has come Lets start What are you doing, Go Onur! Come on, Pany, talk with more emotions Malika Mrs. This blue squirrel looks very much for you You are sorry Today, you ... come on, sit next to me Such situations are low Pani Pani Poniot is calling, sir, where do you go? Pony Go Onur Look here, there's something back- look Come closer Come close Do not touch your hand what happened?- Look at Pony, what is she going to eat with her eyes what's up here? I do not know, I did not write it I say so good You can not trust anything in this world anymore You see what it's like to do with your cheesecake It's very obvious ... Now I do not dupe, I'll give her a lesson Sapena Tride, help Mrs. Tride Do not wait, go away I do not need anyone's help What is this Today my heart is shaky How do you go where do you go? She is wounded, why are you? Taken? come here Wissa here, I'm going to be working again Today space is not suitable. Filming tomorrow Space is not good! Filming tomorrow Still, the movie does not come out to you, dialogue You can not tell, you have the Punjabi dialect You will work half an hour at 6 o'clock, tomorrow Take pictures! Let's understand it Come on, actress, talk calmly with her - I tell him you come in, calmly What are you doing here? Because you're the producer Come on, I can not keep my dialog With a slip? Shut up Malika come here This is a very interesting scene, here for your first time here You want to tell how much you like it OK? sister Excellent Feel free to cry - First impression Move- Move Vasya Sapena If you go today, you will never know what your heart is doing When you've gone, you're waiting for each moment Sounds like you think The phone rings, I think your phone Sometimes I feel you did not go Right now your sister's voice came and you were on Daddy chose your name correctly Really you're like a dream Everywhere you see, my world is stopped there Every time I get you, I'm laughing at you You say, without me I can live? Without you, Sapna I'm flawed Cut was great Elo my child What a great surprise to Baba John Why did not you call I went to the airport for you My daughter, who am I? Well, I remember tomorrow's anniversary of your marriage So I came. Are you surprised? Tomorrow is a great day. So I'm happy for you I prayed for a ceremony Where is your husband? The woman is dead Pony Singh, I got into trouble Tomorrow, Baba Jun will be celebrating the anniversary of the wedding I'm going to dope Are you crazy Do you want to be my husband and come? Okay, I'll tell her Mr. Pany Singh, I am giving myself part Be sure to bring the dope I do not want to know the problem of our relationship with us Okay, come come and sit Happy anniversary Congratulations Good luck to the kids, I promise you that Remind me to be together The foundation of the marriage is based on trust Never question the trust of each other Trust in the failure to bring it back Intagram Bollywood Van @ Bolly1official Mona Sapna Dupe, I'm so annoyed, now it's my turn I've heard her follow the wife of her brother You are looking Did not you find it Thinking that you did not want the woman to give you Kill herself It fell for me My wife, I'm alone I will send you a degree My wife is in front of me If you're gonna kill me like a good husband come here I'm waiting for you The Wisdom of God's Dad Sapna- Sign this a few tabs After this, all of Umwalton will be for me Sapena Hey, daddy John is there, look Dupe Mishra Let's take her wife- Sapena Honestly, what I saw was right? ... Otherwise, I am Sapna I'm telling it right They are all round Swear to me Sapna is sworn to you, it's all wrong. I'm telling the truth is anybody there? Save me After the birth of the children, Mrs. Sapna Dupe head Busy The skepticism was over The life of my lord, now, was going well About Pony Singh, she is marvelous with Malika Kapoor Dawsh's movie is a great soul to succeed Translator: Sepideh and Yasin The Best of Indian Cinema on the Bollywood Web Site Bollywood1.Co What do you want your dad Dear Mishra, you are the name Both went to the wind At least a good spit I'm very sad I want to do it from you I want to make my biography People should be aware of what the danger was Say my soul Money, what's your budget? One hundred crore You say yes Now let's face it What's the name of the movie? Let's take a biography of Mr. Mischa This song was translated at the beginning of the film Visit the Bollywood Wave site to order the movie