imdb_id: tt1947973

Petty robbers on the run from gangsters and police end up in a town where they are mistaken for police officers.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Criminals Hazari (Sanjay Mishra) and Murari (Rajpal Yadav) rob the Police Commissioner's home, and Chetta Singh (Vijay Raaz) steals the car belonging to the Commissioner's wife, Kusum (Rati Agnihotri). Meanwhile, AD (Aftab Shivdasani) elopes with Shreya (Priyanka Kothari), the niece of Police Sub-Inspector Pralay Pratap Singh (Om Puri). With each group on the run for different reasons, they all end up in a vehicle stolen from crime boss Durjan Singh/Black Cobra (Gulshan Grover). In the vehicle is a suitcase filled with Durjan's loot.
On the run from both gangsters and police, they group disguise themselves using fake police uniforms and arrive in Madhavgarh village just in time to stop Loha Singh (Manoj Joshi) from committing a crime. Believing them to be real law officials, the town's residents host a congratulatory feast in their honor. The group settles in comfortably among their new-found friends, but the Black Cobra tracks them down and plots their capture and death.

--- SUBTITLES ---

Security is good? Dont let him go What happen? What is in bag? Take out bag open it i'm opening it do fast open it I'm happy to meet you after a long time keep this happiness with you you will need it when you will become father we dont have a friendship relation. We have a business relation it has jewellery and diamonds its value is 50 crores you have to sell it take your 10% commission and deliver it to my place we also made a deal before but I never did cheating they were small business its a matter of 50 crores when i was 4 years old in my village a snake was having a big problem one day it came in our house in the morning its dead body was in garden it became black to yellow my mother has put some milk in a bowl, it tasted it and died because i tasted that milk that time i was 4 years old and now i'm 40 years old i'm full of poison he can say it clearly that snake was dead because it tasted my milk quickly finalize his deal when i was 4 years old what i did? I know when you were 4 years old, you sold flowers at India gate how much? First pay me money i just bought Rs 15000 things yesterday you purchased jewellery for your girl friend if sister in law will know about it then she will be shocked when this happened? I will not leave him do surrender or i will encounter you where you will run? You cant leave this area today we will kill him today we are with you. You cover from that area how dare he? He is coming here he run away what are you saying? How do you she was a mouse? Tell me one thing when you sleep at night she tease you on your legs? Does she tease you on your ear? She was a naughty mouse we have come from fast pest control its good that you have come shut up. He run away. His relatives must be inside you go outside for 2 hours i will wait here and help you this spray will damage your body lets go. Our work has done you did not do anything we are fast pest control. In 15 days you will get results dont give us money you just hardly recommend us you cant do anything with this money if he will recommend us to a good place then our life will be polished there is one place. I need you there i thought a lion or tiger has come i'm telling you since so many days that call pest control i remember you told me you are tired of lizard and cockroach thank you P P she calls me P P who are these 2? They both will control pest control in 2 hours for this you have to go outside for 2 hours you can go for shopping they gives me so much respect if we want to go for movie then we will be late she is so hot where she hangs her saree? What are you doing? You did not tell me your fees. Commissioner did not tell us his salary what is your fees relation with commissioner fees? What are you saying? You forget Laal Baba? If we will do pest control for whole life here if we will make this house into graveyard then still we cant clean this house we cant do work here. Why? I promised kooki what are you saying? Tell him something about laal baba why you are scolding me? Where i can find 11 well? I have a solution. Give biscuits to english man's dog and touch his feet dont worry next time dont torchure me why they show in movies that police is so bad? I'm back is everything finished? Yes everything is cleaned i told you they both are very nice i mean they stole everything where you were? They gave me a difficult work and then they cleaned the house. It means they were robbers ask one by one if police is not secured then what will happen with normal people? You cant blame commissioner for this because of him security level is increased i'm working since 13 years under him, before that i worked 7 years under him he daily came to my house daily he also cleaned my toilet they are so innocent what i do for you? Whenever you open your mind, you tell everything you are insulting me i was yourjunior for 7 years, why you are saying this to everyone? Its my internal feelings. Please dont mind it you have done enough for me control your tongue. It makes me insult you are hard from outside and soft from inside when i was sick you came to meet me i requested you to dont do this you also washed my underwear forget it i beg you i beg you please forget past things he spits on face do you recognize him? Catch them why you are going back? You are not a senior citizen. Run watch it can i also piss here? What is written here? Dont piss here. Then how can piss here? You both are doing piss here i dont wanna listen anything i want my car back you are police commissioner? Have patience. My whole force is searching for your car i dont wanna listen anything dont worry. Our singh can do this he will find car. You stand here come out god bless you. I have a problem my car is stolen someone has stolen my car. Your dressing shows that you are a police officer just tell me the number of that car sir did not tell me this. Iook at your condition you are right your senios has become your senior who are you? I like you i can also do opening for you the car you are looking at. On which you will sit whoever sit on this care has succed give Rs 11 to any poor man i got lottery did you buy this car? Until we cant find her car. You can use this car this car belongs to my wife he fooled me it was a castle a prince made this castle he fell in love with a girl it was his first love? I'm in love she is very smart girl. Tell me how can i say this? I need an indian movie environment. How many times i have to tell you dont meet him i'm going to fix your engagement i have also told her that i will marry her if you will try to meet her then will put so many cases on you he is a nice guy there is a FIR on his name he is a cheater you are like my daughter and he just washed your mind do something then you will only wait for me how much? I'm making a very big ad film i need a new beautiful face i think you will complete my cast i wanted to be a heroine my set is ready i want to go to beauty parlor dont ask questions i'm stuck in so many questions i haven't listen any good news your wife is with us who are you? Who is your boss? Tell me your name? Listen to me you wife has an affair with your officer tell me your boss name what you will do with his name? You just come here bring divorce papers with you trace this phone now where are you going with these clothes? Shreya must be in her room she is not in her room too me and shreya are going to marry in blue house wait for me there. Dont run everything is ready when you will come then i will complete wedding i will beat you so much i'm going to tell you shot. Turn on light your purse must be here then our hero will come then he will get power i'm ready do it fast what happen? Who did this? I will kill him its my film shooting what are you doing? It was my good luck that i come here what i was saying? Shut up i wanna talk to her what i ask from you? I wanna ask from him and now this love is here do you know the depth of Mangal Sootar? I want to ask from you I will be at church in 10 minutes what do you think? This deal will be successful everytime our plan is changed take care of her whose car is this? Greetings come out from car i will kill you ok i see how you are still alive. We heard you had an encounter my mother died because of that news where you were? I was in Haridwar. I was setting up new business when i was working in finance company then they were working with me he is calling. What i do? How can i talk to him? I'm sending plumber its black cobra. Yes plumber say how much? Ok you do work. You will get money drive fast it cant run more fast they are so far now car is also not running its spolied why you parked in the middle? I cant drive my car drive from here. I will kill you what you will do? I will kill you remember his number police is chasing us but who is this guy? I also wanna live. Stop car here i'm sending plumber my mind is saying something is fishy. Stop car here because of him he was firing leave bag he will be dead you are worried about his life and i'm worried about my money tell me you are from his side or you are from my side? We have to give this to police otherwise we will be in problem we got treasure and you are saying give it to police we were about to dead are you looking same like me? But what i'm looking? This bag is the way to death are you looking same like me? Sit in car sit in car or i will kill you its a planning what planning? Our car is gone leave them. AD run away with Shreya i was waiting for your orders can we burrow bullet from them? Call your uncle where are you? AD has kidnapped me they are going towards Bhopal Highway when this chasing will stop? I wanna piss lets stay at night there nothing will happen in Rs 500 if durjan will know then he will rape your daughter go and bring your wife's mangal sootar go and bring your wife's mangal sootar give me that mangal sootar make her dance put fire from below who is giving lecture? Dont come infront of me iron can cut iron put it in your mouth why you are beating them? You dont want? Save him shreya you sit here. I arrange food food has come what is your name? Black pepper not here. That red one they are giving food with lots of love its a beautiful village eat in one plate. It will increase love i'm saying this him since long time give him with her hands no you give him now food is more tasty do you want some more? Thanks why you are not eating? I will not eat until i will kill durjan singh everything will be fine have food from my hands send your sister what you will do with sister? I have some work with her why you always have work with girls? Where you were? I was looking for you you are drunk what are you saying? Its a onion smell i'm not fool bad smell is coming from my mouth. I'm having medicine these days you are making him bad there is no place to hang clothes in india did you taste Chutni yesterday? I mean tomorrow i will wash socks too sleep now. Why you are angry? Use black spot i cant control myself can i say one thing to you? Amitabh died in the end villagers sleep so early this village is so good villagers are also good they have given us so much love in 1 day we will distribute 2 to 3 crores among them you distribute 10 lacs each to them why you always compare everything with money? I'm scared of your this nature and i love your anger driving is not allowed without license you will get punishment i will kill license officer you are doing piss here murari you are my brother i never listen to my heart. I just do it you are looking very hot so sexy from top to bottom its very dangerous dont stop me what are you doing? Why you need to change clothes? After so many days we son is sleeping calmly wait loha singh you cant go inside again he run away increase man power first take money then kill everyone after so many years police has come to village what are you saying? They beat us a lot and villagers took our money he is having rest. I dont like it i dont like police he is saying police has come to village to arrest us to save villagers from us 15 years ago there were also a police station opened there i blast that place with in a second i burned so many brave soldiers king cobra never allow police there stop all this its not a dancing bar i'm so much talented music is my breathe i cant live without it be a man you are my elder brother. I feel ashame because of you we got guns in will from now this will not happen here from now there will not be any dance here its king cobra order until now you have done a lot you forget that i'm your elder brother and we never accept our god's insult and now i'm leaving this place forgive me forgive me i wish all men will be like you if all men will be like me then how will i find my prince? Always put this collar up god has sent you to save this village now we are not afraid of anyone they have come to save us now britishers have to leave india india will be independent i know you are understanding what is name? Doorchand singh. Tell him we come here to secure this village village respect is our respect when police's death is near then they will come to Madhav garh you all will be dead your father has come he is looking very dangerous i have seen so many dacoits in movies first time i'm watching real dacoit my mother wanted me to become a dacoit today durjan has come to say you hello god did not listen to you will these police officers save you? Now you will see how we will kill you kill enemies with it bring out his fellowers they never increase more than 3 and 5 they are looking same lets go out from back door if we will run then villagers will be in problem are you brave? Yes but i'm not fool why its not working? Kill enemies where is bullet? Its the same village they are running by looking at old gun enemies run away you did not need to shoot them they knew that we are here thats why they run away from now only happiness will be in our village i have never seen this before i become so horny i'm your fellower you keep it he is not that one take this as a gift it means enjoy heaven before death you are getting fool i have become so hot. What is happening to me? What happen? I have mercedes car he is very rich. He has 10 mills in city i dont have right to love. From where you have come? Tomorrow it will publish in newspaper that brother and sister in law killed brother i have hired you to secure village he forgets stealing i'm here to take care you went so early for sleep amitabh died in the end do you watch movies or not? If your work is finished then do a good work where are you? I'm missing you we are in madhav garh we haven't found criminals what happen? Are you ok? I'm doing exercise tell me who take cares of your food she is like my wife there is new mall opened in city and i want you to come with me yes sure. I wanna do shopping e-mail your some photographs if you dont stop to interfere in my life then i will suspend you who are you? I'm not doing anything i was capturing your beauty in camera my everything is spoiled my breathe is stopped i understand your problem you are on wrong door we are just knocking. You are blasting you go to our place so my prince lives here take this and mark black spot where you have stolen? I have thrown bomb on america who are you? I have come here to meet my prince i did not understand i know you love this camera a lot i did 2 murders to take this you are thinking about camera my respect was on the line you are insulting me. What a brother you are? I want to put my shoe on my head cant you stand correctly you are standing with my car do you know i robbed 2 villages to buy this car from now you have to clean this car 24 hours he has seen gajraaj you handle everything behind me these are godown keys greetings you did not make anyone for me in this village pandit told me i will a person who will come from city you have put me in problem. You have sent 4 boys from city whom i will impress? Are you come in your father's wedding? If anything will be gone from there then i will not leave you until he will not come here i'm your leader there is a problem. Big leader has taken small leader's car why you did not stop him? Do you if small leader will know it then what will happen? We are set now your plan is very good i'm also enjoying in this village there is a problem. If that dacoit will come back again then? Dacoit has come now can you see that car? I was waiting for my prince to come and will have a ride with him i thought we are flying plane if you wanna drive like this than take me out decrease speed if you follow me again then i will make your condition same like car when? I want you to make my condition bad dont tease me like this i'm going from where you are talking? Now tell me i'm in a problem i know when you are in problem then you miss me i wanna say something to you durjan is behind me you have to help me an innocent girl is having bath. Dont you have mother and sister? You also have come here to see girl what are you watching? You are looking like mermaid from where you belong to? I belong to chandan poor i know how to dance lets drop her to chander poor i got hurt you will not ask where? Where? Who are you? I'm an innocent girl from chandan poor i got hurt its better than these both, you drop her at home be careful he got girl he got all girls, we are in waiting list girls impress on personality and looks what is name of that girl? He is enjoying alone. He took her on bicycle i'm having 50 crores still i'm riding bicycle i'm a police officer if you will be in love like me then you will not care for world i want many things but now i want one thing why she came to meet you? Her buffalo is lost thats why she came to report me if anything is fishy then i will kill you i have given my life and heart to you he is there nothing will happen. Dont worry how is he now? I have given him injection. He is out of danger you can meet them why? Its a very greenery village. Everyone has so many lands he make foods nobody is not doing anything? Where is godown? Why you are beating? We will talk to them you wait 2 mins, i'm coming insulting with my prince i will not tolerate it i will kill you i will give you all keys i got keys what is going on? We are praying for your long life is everything ok? Yes everything is ok what is this? He is saying this. You finish your work your work has done here say our greetings to him i think there is a problem there i cant find gajraaj here how are you? You forget me how he can forget you? He remember everything how you come here? I was missing you tonight i will dance so many big personalities will come to see my dance you need security i need you will you come? I will wait for you salman khan is wearing glasses in heaven why you are looking for scotch after beeri? Why dont you smoke ciggarette? Why you are worried? I bring for you thakur has made a mistake. He has shown us locker did you tell anything to that girl? You did not tell her anything while in drunk? What did you discuss? What did you discuss with them? Who wants to talk to them? I wanna talk to you did they tell you anything about bag? Hey my innocent man you told me why you are in hurry do you think i dont know? I know why you have come here you are very smart. I was thinking you are a fool what you were doing with her? It was her plan so that she will run away with bag why you are fighting? She run away with 50 crores bag lets find bag you were praying for my long life? I will kill you today you can kill me but first listen to me because i will not come back to say this where is big leader? You wanted to run away with all money? Its not easy to run away i lost my daughter because of them i got my daughter dont force me to open my mouth i'm not able to tell you that suitcase is with them then listen they are not police officers they are theif like us you are king. You are king cobra do something for 50 crores i will do something that whole world will see this game will be very bad who did this? Durjan has captured villagers he has saying his some goods are with you until you will not return him he will not leave villagers he was saying you are not real police officers all villagers will come back we will return his money back we will enjoy with money and villagers will get punishment we have to beat them with their strategy if real police did not save you from me then how fake police can save you? I want to kill some more people you dont come infront of me. It happened because of you what is my mistake? Take out 4 people and kill them he is leader of these people he wants to fight with king cobra you are lucky and smart that you have bring my jewellery suitcase with you they just forced you and you got angry you are doubting on me? I did millions of transactions for you you are doubting on me? Where are jewellery? You told me keeptjewellery bag with you and give him bomb bag she is lying how much we will stop you? Its a baba's bell who are you? Who is he? They all are together talk to me it can also have a bomb open it you open it you open it i dont wanna open. Soon i'm gonna marry open it or i will kill you i will put only 1 number its your winning bomb is already blast i got lottery i wanna ask you something can i ask you one thing if you dont mind? Why did you bring bomb with you? Bomb and money has an old relation what can i tell you? First get out from here what about my wife? Is she your wife? I thought she is your daughter go bring some more jewellery for her you had put a fire 15 years ago in a police station because of that i got separated to my father me and my father are having pain in your heart since 15 years everything is under control you are the one when our car got spolied you are a brave man