imdb_id: tt2023645

With the help of the police and a psychic, a husband attempts to try and locate his missing wife.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
The film opens with a person (presumed to be the protagonist) who goes to a guru in Manchester, who tells him that he has to pay for his crimes in this life and the next one too. That person then goes to the cellar of a mansion called Dia Mansion, writes all that he has done in a letter, places it in a huge coffin-like box, and then shoots himself.
The next part of the film opens in the modern-day UK, where the protagonist, Dr. Kabir Malhotra (Rajneesh Duggal), is shown living happily with his wife Sia (Roshni Chopra). One day she goes missing without even a word. The worried doctor searches for her everywhere and questions everyone, including her best friend Monica (Monica Agarwal), but does not find anything, until he comes across Disha (Adah Sharma), a musician and soothsayer with special powers of premonition on touching objects who does that job for free. Initially Kabir insults her and rejects her, but later on, being convinced by inspector Asif Sheikh (Parag Tyagi) about her authentic powers, he agrees to take her help.
With Sia gone, Kabir reflects on everything in the past- how he found Sia, how he had fought with other men at bars who went near her, how they had a good time.
Soon Disha and the police find that Sia had gone with Monica and somebody else in a car somewhere, and that car is found abandoned. Kabir and Disha go to Monica's house, only to find that she has been murdered.
The case takes an interesting turn when Disha happens to visualize something about Sia, which she does not tell Kabir because of her fear that it would be too shocking for him to accept. Soon Kabir and his parents get a call that Sia has been kidnapped, and the kidnapper asks for 1 million pounds from Kabir's parents.
The kidnappers ask Kabir to come alone to deliver the money through directions given to him time and again over the phone. Kabir goes with transmitters fitted on him and the police tracking him, but these measures are rendered useless by the apparently smart criminals. Soon Kabir finds himself in a dance bar, where the bags are taken from him, but the criminals find that it is filled with only paper, and they beat him and threaten to kill his wife. Kabir chases them, only to be stopped by Disha, who arrives at the scene. She tells him that she knows where his wife is.
Disha takes Kabir and the cops to Dia Mansion, where, on searching, they come across the cellar and the coffin box. Kabir opens it to find a skeleton and a worn-out parchment. He reads all that was on it and understands that this was written by none other than himself centuries ago. Kabir had at that time been deceived by a jealous friend of his into believing that his wife was unfaithful, and he murdered his wife and kept her in the coffin box. Later on, knowing the truth, he was not able to forgive himself, so he approached a guru, who told him that he would pay for his crimes now and in the next life and told him what to do next. Kabir had then written everything and had shot himself at the cellar.
Soon the kidnappers send a disc to Kabir's family with a video of Sia being tortured as a warning not to call police, and this time Kabir is called to an isolated ship to pay up and take his wife.
On reaching the ship, Kabir goes alone, but Disha sees a gang of goons following him, senses danger, and follows him secretly.
On the deck, Kabir meets with the greatest shock of his life when he sees his wife, hale and hearty, waiting to meet him, with none other than her Englishman boyfriend, whom Kabir had once beaten in a bar for going to Sia. Apparently everything that has taken place has been an act, and both have been involved in the entire drama. Sia shoots Kabir in the shoulder. She then tells him that she and the Englishman were lovers and that her only interest in Kabir was in his father's money and property, for which she married him. She also admits that it was she who killed Monica, as the latter was involved in the crime and knew all about it. They tell Kabir that on killing him, she will put up an act of innocence before his parents, and later the property will be transferred to her. They also say they shall eliminate his parents.
As Kabir is going to be shot again, Disha breaks in and pushes the gun off Sia's hands. Kabir breaks fee and beats up all the goons. Disha is pushed off the ship and hangs on the deck margins. Kabir goes to save her, manages to pull her up, but gets stabbed by Sia's lover. Everyone fled the scene.
Sia arrives at Kabir's house and tries to convince his parents that he was killed by goons, but there comes Inspector Asif, who has come to know about everything, telling them the truth. He arrests Sia on charges of attempting to murder Kabir and on charges of murdering Monica.
Now in hospital, in a critical condition and under surgery, Kabir's soul leaves his body and meets Guru, who tells him that he has faced the punishment for his crimes in the past, but he has also saved lives as a doctor, so the circle of karma is complete, and that he shall live.
The film ends in Goa, India, where Kabir arrives as a surprise guest at the house of Disha, who has moved down to India. He says that he searched and found a picture of the past of him and his wife. His wife of the past happens to be none other than Disha herself. Disha says she knew this but was afraid to admit it as she feared falling in love again.

--- SUBTITLES ---

Stop there. Dont come ahead A bad smell in coming from you A smell of all your bad works I know. Now you have to pay for it what you have done Since last 8 years your soul is not free yet And you also know that for how much time I have do live like this more? I'm not god. I'm just his man Who can understand good and bad work And can tell too When my punishment will be completed? Do you really wanna know? Fire of forgiveness can burn human being but not his bad work i know you are tired of forgiveness i also know that before coming here you have taken decision of your life To keep you stay away from your life Whatever I tell you, you will do what is written in your destiny but you have to obey one thing before you can go you have to write all your works and put it on the same place from where you start it one day this will help you your punishment wont be completed in this birth you have to take one more birth the persons who will take your interview, they have to be nervous there is a very big difference in learning and teaching law your law will work here like it works in our house what you are not saying by looking at the reports if you will not help yourself then how will i help you? I have tried to tell you this alot of times If you do like this then one day... death is in hands of god but doctor work is to save people reality is this without his permission nobody can do anything may be will not meet next time you told me everything is in god's hand so Professor i want party Please dont be late tonight where are you son? You did not come on this saturday you have forget your parents is Siya at your house? I have tried to find her everywhere I dont know where she is? Today she got the new job I know you went there late and then she was angry where she will go? She will come she must be at any friend's house tomorrow she has to go to university you will go there and say sorry to her I'm university and Siya is not here I dont understand. Where is Siya? You should know this If she is with you then please give her the phone If not then please me so that I will go to the police I'm also the another friend's house Are you sure your wife is not kidding with you? She wont do that big kidding There must be something wrong I will send this photo and picture to all Police Stations Nothing will happen to Siya Police is doing there work Siya will come back to us soon You haven't eaten anything since yesterday In this jungle I also found this Dont say thanks, atleast give me smile From where you got this in jungle? You took it from any tree? Yesterday I went to my uncle's Farm House I think the company is giving me from there I dont think I have seen this car number before I have just come froom Green Street I showed everyone her photo near restaurants Someone has seen Siya going in this number car He did not see this The way Siya was sitting in that car, like she was sitting by herself May be if this is a kidnapping case Then they haven't call for ransom? We have to send your wife's photo to hospitals Now we cant deny any possibility I wanna talk to you about your wife What you know about Siya? Not yet. But I can help you in finding her What is special today? Today is not my birthday, neither Valentines Day nor Girlfriend's day I wanna do one important work And I promise we will go next week This is made only for you I like it thats why I buy this for you You are the first girls who is tensed after taking the gift I'm tensed about that gift which God gave me Wherever you are going today, dont go there The way you are thinking..., I'm not thinking, I can see Why you let him go? If you didn't believe me then why you let him go? If you trust me then why you did not stop him? If you tell him that thing, then you had to tell him about him Leave it This time I wanna say thanks because you help me Whose father will was lost He got the will, and he won the case Thats why he give you 20000 pound cheque Give this cheque to Charity, you know I dont do this for money I wanna talk to you about your wife I think I can help you tomorrow when you were leaving from police station then you saw my upset face and you thought you got a new customer do you think I'm doing this for money? Or you want cheap publicity? I came here to help you what do you you will worry? Lts the thing to worry yesterday whole day Siya did not come home, and we got this news from media I was about to come home first Then I thought anyone should stay at home may be any call of Siya come ok I will be there Do you know anything? Car was registered on a name of Allan Pary and he has complaint about it 2 days ago we are trying to take finger prints may be will be get any clue it often happens a simple can be understand very difficult and somebody cant understand a simple thing police have less force or you have forget how to do your work you are different things instead of searching of my wife tomorrow you will say that you could not find my wife because you dont got good time because of her we reached this car instead of this you insult her yesterday she is helping you leave it. He wont understand this I think Forencic persons have finished theirjob I dont you before we will not find anything here I'm sure Siya came here by that car then where she went? I cant tell you now You can know anything You can say about anything if you touch it if she was in this room then why are you not feeling her? I can only understand the signs of God I'm not the magician so that I can know anything Whatever I saw till now I told you already and I will tell you whatever I will see If you wanna famous then go somewhere else, dont play with my wife's life They have find and Indian girl dead body in Mall Prescritions are same like your wife I know but you have to recognize the body if you or any of your guy come near to that girl then I will kill him Marry me I cant live alone nor I can let to live alone nothing will happen to you i promise you i will give you every happiness of life even Medical Science dont have this how can you do this all? I never do anything. It happens by itself Sometimes I feel it and sometimes I dont Sometimes I wanted to help people but people dont wanna take my help Sometimes people wanted to help me but I cant help them Sometimes I feel I dont control things, things control me what is in this? Memmories of me and Siya she is our best friend she introduced us first time I have seen her going to Bank yesterday I went to Uncle's farm house the company is giving me this I think Monica is behind all this Whoever do this, knows Monica very well door is not broken, its open from inside there are no marks of struggle and nobody hear her voice with in 3 or 4 hours we will get Fouransic report but i dont think it will happen i dont know anything there was only one way to reach Siya I dont know she is fine or not? I have to perform at evening I have to go yes. You did not sleep at night who else touch this letter? Me and my servant good news is that Siya is still alive and bad news is that someone has kidnapped her this is Siya's appointment letter? And this writing letter means they will call at 1 PM please let me do my work this is microphone by pressing this you can talk to us you tell them you wanna talk to Siya I know until you talk to Siya you wont listen to us We haven't do anything with her if anything happen to my wife, then you wont do anything now listen to me carefully I will call you at 7 PM after taking the money will she free Siya? Take the money and sit in your car where i have to go? Money is ours, we will take it you sit in car, we will tell you everything i think we no need to tell that you will leave all the police there we have fitted microphone in front tyres of your car we are also tracking your handphone what are you doing? You and your wife are safe until they got this money your phone transmeter is gone listen to me carefully, there is a bus coming from that side cross the road and sit in the bus keep it in mind the magnet is showing that where you have hide transmeter in your body if you dont want that we will kill your wife then go to night club take care of this bag you will have to keep your happiness in this I know where is Siya you are reading this, it means you have reached here in this birth your forgiveness will be completed but for punishment you have to take one more birth whatever bad work you have done you have to pay for it in another life I'm the responsible for this nobody else. I'm the one body is just a fake soul is reality whatever I did, you are getting its punishment in 1971 I came to England from Uganda we love each other alot I love her alot but something else was written in our destiny his name was Virath he was my friend but I did not know that he was not my friend, he is my enemy if you move near me then I will tell this to my husband Virath could not tolerate this he could not get the Namrita I wanna see Namrita as my wife this is only one boyfriend's photo he put lots of poison in me, then I hated my life he give me trust that Namrita is deceiring me she is cheating me she was praying for my long age and I killed her I hide her body here I told everyone that she go back to India after sometime I knew the reality it was late to make your lie into truth, a single birth is not enough you have to understand love and sacrifice in next birth then this will be finish whatever happened to a person, he is responsible for everything I still cant understand why this is happening to me? Now I understand that I'm not a human being whatever I did in my last life, now I'm getting punishment for it it seems like its just the beggining you have meet him before? Thats why I think about law before breaking the law then I will go to our dad I will tell him my kidnappers were bastards after taking the money, they tried to kill me Kabir fought with them with so braveness I will have to cry try to act like widow then your father will transfer his all property on my name then after some months we will kill him like we kill Monica she helped us alot you have meet him before? If I stay there then would kill me then Kabir gave me his swear he told me to run away from there then I saw they kick Kabir I'm feeling shame on myself I hate myself we also hate you and after knowing the truth, they will also hate you you also killed your best friend Monica agarwal its too late I told you I'm not God, I'm just his person who can understand destiny you had a doubt on your love you killed your love you save this thing, you did one more bad work in this birth you did forgiveness and you got punishment too you earn good work by saving people but your bad work load still not finished you had to live without your wife you got deciere to save someone else, you give your life then your forgiveness and punishment both done but still one thing is left one responsibility is left for this you have to go back what did you think? You will get rid of me so easily? Then I again reach that palace then I found this you knew about this? Because I thought I will fell in love one more time do you know why I'm alive today? Because of that love I got my punishment but who love me in my last birth, what she got? My responsibilty is that I say sorry to her and give her love