imdb_id: tt2905838

The film opens in UK where Colonel Viren Nanda (Jimmy Shergill) goes to meet a wanted terrorist Omar Zafar (Danny Denzongpa) in his holding cell. As Viren informs Zaffar that he will be extradited back to India for his crimes as per a new extradition treaty that India is signing with friendly nations, Zafar's men enter his holding cell, lead by Hamid Gul (Jaaved Jaffrey), murdering all guards around them, with Zaffar then murdering Viren by shooting him and then burning him. As Zaffar escapes in a helicopter waiting on the roof, he puts a $5 million reward for someone to steal the Koh-i-Noor diamond from the Tower of London, but with one condition - the thief must be Indian, in order to hold up a new extradition treaty between India and UK.Soon after, a man named Rajveer Nanda (Hrithik Roshan) steals it, and when Zaffar's men are informed of the theft, they travel to Rajveer in Shimla for the deal. Although they initially travel with the $5 million reward, Rajveer informs them that he now wants $20 million for the deal. Following the disdain of the comment made by Rajveer, a fight breaks out between Rajveer and Zaffar's men after which Rajveer flies away. After Rajveer escapes, a CCTV footage of him is captured, showing that he is in Shimla which makes the Indian Govt to devote its ISS forces to recover the Kohinoor to save the extradition treaty.Following Rajveer's escape, he sees Harleen (Katrina Kaif) sitting in a restaurant, who is there waiting for her internet date, "Vickie", to show up. Rajveer enters the restaurant posing as "Vickie" and woos her over. He convinces Harleen to use the bathroom and whilst she is in there, Rajveer fights the remaining men (who followed him to the restaurant from the location of the failed negotiation) and leaves the restaurant, much to the dismay of Harleen. As she drives home, Harleen accidentally runs over Rajveer, who asks her to stitch up a gunshot wound sustained during the fight. Rajveer then gives Harleen drugged water, with her complying with what he says about the government officials, informing her about where to find guns underneath car seats and what they will say about him.The next day, the government officials with Zorawar (Pawan Malhotra) visit Harleen at her bank and threaten her to come with them. They tell her that if she does not accompany them, then they will reveal everything to her colleagues. Harleen decides to go with them to the police station. In the car, Zorawar tells her that they are not going to the station but they are taking her to a "mehfooz" (safe) place instead. Harleen remembers about the gun that Rajveer had told her. She engages the other official in small talk and finds the gun. She threatens both the officers to stop the car and let her go. At the same time, Rajveer appears on a bike and a chase sequence ensues. Both Rajveer and Harleen find a car and escape. When Rajveer goes out to shoot the goons, Harleen escapes and then bumps into her boss, Karan. She tells him about Rajveer and how random people are firing at her. Rajveer follows her. Karan tries to protect Harleen from Rajveer. He annoys Rajveer and gets shot by him in the leg. Harleen is exasperated but leaves with Rajveer again lest he shoots any more people.In the car, Harleen and Rajveer get into an argument. Harleen states that she wants to go home and that she did a huge mistake by trusting him. Rajveer angrily decides to let Harleen go and hands over the car keys to her. He tells her that he has no other motive then protecting her. She feels guilty and decides to stick to him. They begin to drive again in silence. Rajveer checks a location on his phone which Harleen notices. He then tells her that he has not killed an innocent person before this and does not want her to die. He tries to convince her to come with him for dinner.They go to Pizza Hut where Rajveer realizes that he has no money to buy food. Harleen eventually pays for the pizza. Harleen asks him about the crime that he has committed and Rajveer shows her the Koh-i-Noor much to her surprise. She has a hard time believing that he is indeed a thief. As she comes to know about Rajveer, they realize that they were followed by Zorawar who says he has the restaurant surrounded with his men and will not be afraid to shoot Rajveer if needed to. As the officials convince Harleen to go with them, Rajveer tells Harleen that he cannot let her go with them. He shoots her with a tranquilizer dart and they both jump out of a window and escape.Harleen slips in and out of consciousness as Rajveer continues to take her to safety. She wakes up in a beach shack wearing a bikini top and hot pants. She angrily asks Rajveer as to who changed her clothes and he confesses that he did it. She is irked beyond words. She beats him and bites his hand. Harleen then takes Rajveer's phone to call her grandmother, unbeknownst to her it allows the Government officials to track their position. After a shootout occurs between Rajveer and the Government officials, he escapes with Harleen with a help of a sea bob and a fly board.Harleen wakes up the next morning in Prague. As Rajveer was able to successfully lead the escape of them both, Harleen now entrusts Rajveer, subsequently falling in love with him. Rajveer when goes out of his hotel with Harleen, he sees that they are wanted by INTERPOL .Some policemen come at the moment and Rajveer kisses Harleen .Rajveer tracks Hamid Gul at a casino. Although he was to go alone, Harleen insists to take her along, to which he agrees. Staging a ploy for Gul's attention, Harleen and Gul meet in the hallway, who tells her that a romantic candlelit champagne drink is waiting for her on the roof of the casino. Following this, Rajveer visits Gul at the top of the casino, a fight ensues regarding the whereabouts of Zaffar and he ultimately kills Gul. In the meantime Harleen is caught by Zorawar and is taken to the Indian Embassy in Prague, where Zorawar says that Rajveer actually came to Prague to find Gul. Harleen is asked to get the Koh-i-Noor back. That night, the two meet on a bridge, where Harleen says that the trust between them is broken. Rajveer activates the tracking device himself, allowing the officials to surround them. Rajveer gives the Koh-i-Noor to Harleen and jumps from the bridge and is assumed dead.Harleen then returns home and remembers an address that Rajveer had listed on his phone. At the address, Harleen meets Rajveer's father (Kanwaljit Singh) and his mother (Deepti Naval). At the house, Harleen sees photos of Rajveer (Jai) and Viren, who are later revealed to be brothers and Rajveer's mother revealing their back stories. Although it is confirmed that Viren was murdered, Rajveer's father says that he does not believe the story the Army told him, saying that Rajveer had drowned despite being a swimming champion in his youth, he was the only student who was able to cross the lake in only one breath. On her way home, Harleen is kidnapped by Zaffar, who knows that the diamond was a fake. Zorawar is then revealed to be Zaffar's right-hand man, and gives Harleen a truth-revealing drug to reveal the location of the real diamond. Harleen tells that Rajveer would have survived and is coming to kill Zaffar. Rajveer, silently kills every guard posted outside and places time bombs in every corner and enters the room. Zaffar then orders his men to beat Rajveer but before Zaffar is able to kill him Rajveer informs that the Koh-i-Noor was not stolen at all and it was a joint operation between MI6 and the Indian Secret Service to get Zaffar. The time bombs go off and destroys the castle. But Zaffar manages to escape and captures Harleen again, after making Rajveer crash. As they escape with her, Rajveer follows them with a F1 car and catches up to them. Zaffar enters a flight with Harleen. Killing the rest of Zaffar's men including Zorawar, Rajveer shoots at the flight blades evidently grounding the plane. Rajveer soon boards the plane and a final bout takes place between him and Zafar. After throwing him to the flames, Rajveer frees Harleen. When they are escaping from the aircraft, Zaffar emerges from the flames again and shoots Rajveer. Rajveer pushes Harleen out of the aircraft and a second bullet hits him. He then grabs the ax and charges towards Zaffar and kills him. When the aircraft is about to explode, he jumps out.
He looses consciousness and is about to drown when Harleen grabs his hand. The authorities air lift an injured and unconscious Rajveer and Harleen.Rajveer then wakes up in hospital, where his boss is sitting across him waiting for him to wake up. He congratulates Rajveer for successfully completing the mission. He rues about the fact that his brother was murdered and that his parents will never get to see him again. Also, he informs Rajveer that Harleen has been sent back to her home and he has to forget about her because she can become a threat to his life and also his weakness. Rajveer is also told that he will be shifted to a safe facility the next day. After the chief leaves, a nurse arrives and gives Rajveer a medicine to drink. As soon as Rajveer gulps down the medicine, he feels giddy and asks the nurse about it. The nurse turns around and removes her mask revealing that she is actually Harleen and the medicine is a sedative meant to knock Rajveer out. A surprised Rajveer tries to say her name but Harleen asks him to keep quiet. Rajveer faints and Harleen escapes from the hospital along with him. He continues to slip in and out of consciousness until the next morning. He wakes up and Harleen tells him that his "ek din"(some day) has arrived. Rajveer realizes that she has brought him to his house. He silently thanks her, and they both meet his parents.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
After a treaty between India and UK to expedite extradition of Omar Zafar, a notorious terrorist, to India is passed, Col. Viren Nanda gets killed and is burnt alive by Omar in London during his escape from prison. Omar gets escorted by his trusted lieutenant Hamid Gul and declares US$5 million reward for an Indian thief to steal the Koh-i-Noor.
Rajveer Nanda, a mysterious person, steals the Koh-i-Noor and demands US$20 million when Zafar and Gul aim to retrieve it. After a subsequent brawl with Gul's men at a local restaurant in Shimla, Rajveer visits a restaurant and meets Harleen Sahni, a bank receptionist who dreams of finding true love and adventure in life. Harleen is waiting for her blind internet date Vickie Kapoor. Rajveer assumes the date and the pair fall for each other, but is forced to abandon her after being found by Gul's men. Harleen leaves upon learning the truth and seeing the real Vickie who admits to his car and phone failing him, but on her way back home, she bumps into Rajveer again, and he seeks her help to remove a bullet. Before leaving, Rajveer drugs her with sedative water and informs her of scare tactics that some law enforcement officials will try and coerce her into working against him.
Rajveer's prediction comes true as two government agents Zorawar Kalra and his informer, Inspector Bhola implore Harleen to travel with them to the police station, but instead head for a safe place. Taking note of Rajveer's instructions, Harleen finds a pistol and holds them at gunpoint. Rajveer arrives and the pair escapes, but they meet Harleen's manager Karan Saxena, who is shot in the leg by Rajveer. Harleen demands that she return home and tells that she made a huge mistake by trusting Rajveer, which leads to an argument over their loyalties, but Harleen eventually decides to stay upon realizing that he truly intends to protect her and proceeds to accompany him. During a visit to a Pizza Hut outlet, Rajveer reveals that he stole the Koh-i-Noor, much to Harleen's surprise, and the pair are immediately confronted by Zorawar and his team.
Rajveer tranquilizes Harleen and escapes with her. Harleen wakes up at a beach after an unknown period on the run. When Harleen takes Rajveer's phone to call her grandmother, the government officials and Gul's men, led by Gul's lieutenant Robert, tracks them down and a shootout ensues, which forces the duo to escape again after eliminating the officials and Robert's henchmen. Harleen wakes up the following morning in Prague, where she regains her faith in Rajveer after recognising his efforts in leading the escape. Later, they track Gul to a casino and after a plot involving Harleen, Rajveer ultimately kills Gul. Harleen is taken to the Indian Embassy, where she meets Zorawar and his boss, Internal Secret Services Chief Narayanan as he gives her a tracking device to pinpoint Rajveer's location and retrieve the Koh-i-Noor.
After another argument on a bridge as they try to escape, Rajveer activates the tracking device and gives the Koh-i-Noor to Harleen, where he gets shot while jumping off the bridge. Harleen returns home and reunites with her grandmother, but begins to miss Rajveer; in a moment of epiphany, Harleen locates his house and meets Rajveer's father Pankaj and his mother Shikha by posing as a delivery runner for Pankaj's book order. A tense moment results in Harleen trying to leave suddenly when she soon bumps into photographs of Rajveer, who is revealed by Shikha to be Jaiwant "Jai" Nanda, Viren's brother; while Viren's murder is confirmed, Pankaj refuses to accept the army's version of the story behind Jai's death as he pinpoints to a swimming championship trophy he had won in his young days, being the only person who was able to cross the lake in just one breath.
Immediately outside her home, Harleen is kidnapped and taken to the interior of a desert castle, where she meets Zafar, who reveals that the surrendered diamond is a fake, while Zorawar turns out to be Zafar's informer. Zorawar gives Harleen a truth serum in an attempt to find the location of the real diamond, but she deduces that Rajveer is alive and is arriving to kill Zafar and his men. At the same time, Rajveer, who was assumed dead, plants time bombs and silently eliminates Zafar's henchmen, who have been posted outside the castle. Inside the castle, Rajveer confronts Zafar, revealing that the Koh-i-Noor was not stolen at all and that it was a joint operation between the MI6 and the ISS to apprehend Zafar. Rajveer reveals that he intends to avenge Viren's death by killing Zafar.
As the time bombs destroying the castle start going off, Zafar escapes with his remaining men while Rajveer escapes with Harleen, saving her all along. However, Zafar later blocks the duo, where he takes Harleen hostage and leaves with her on a seaplane. Enraged, Rajveer eventually catches up, shooting down the seaplane to the ground and ultimately Zorawar in the process. Following an intense confrontation, Rajveer kills Zafar after pushing Harleen out of the burning aircraft and jumps out of the seaplane, which explodes seconds after Zafar's death. Rajveer loses consciousness and starts to drown, but is saved by Harleen as army officers airlift the duo.
Rajveer wakes up in a hospital and is informed by Narayanan, revealed to be his real boss, that he will not be allowed to see Harleen or his own family. Posing as a nurse, Harleen administers a sedative, knocking Rajveer out, and the pair escapes. After an unknown period on the run, Rajveer reunites with his parents and finally introduces Harleen to them.

--- SUBTITLES ---

Goodmorning How did he get caught! Fake document's He is india's most wanted criminal We was in search for him for many year's What was he doing in london He was at a private island in russia He came to buy In terrorism bussiness no reccession Yes, mother Did you reach yes I'll call you later How do you no i'm not wearing I no all your habbit's Welcome Conel You was in search for me a long time I could stand and solute you In my hand pizza And very tired You eat Once we reach jail your pizza is finish Any last wish This is not your india London Tell me something How many terroist you taken back to india None Not even 1 This is a very speacial investigation Soon you will be at india's lock up You with beg to us And after India is full of corruption's Everyone stand's and beg to us We are the criminal's Your government is  ready for bribary Tell me what are you? Are you decent Or a cheat like a bastard Welcome to omar zaffar show Any last wish Whom ever fight's for there country Death is written Look into my eye's I am proud Pull the trigger For the last time do you wish to speak to your mother Hello Viren What happen Are you fine? Viren What happen son Viren speak to me Viren, please speak to me Speak to me Have you heard about the new treaty This is a old mission Koyhinoor Its impossible to steal koyhinoor I want it And must be an indian thief Search for him How is it possible So many guard's but still koyhinoor stolen All over are cctv camera's This thief is very smart Who is this man He left no clue behind The entire world want's to see his face Who is he? When will he get caught Police is on a look out No, one no's were his hideout Harleen Ohh,  you in the shower Grandma go out Please go out Quite When you was a child i change you Grandma now i'm not a child Someone has stolen koihinoor Please pass me my towl This don't happen all the time Ashok kumar Dev anand I just want to meet a man like Who can steal your heart Pass me my towl Bring it back to our country Whom stolen koihinoor Grandma, you are crazy You must be like me You are very boring Everyone have boyfriend's Grandma I did not meet any one special Why are you so choosy No, quality control Who stolen kohinoor Sir, you spoke about the amout This 1 man only answer'd Shoaib Wassim no's him He also worked for saqlain Did not ask you about pakistan batting line Are you indian Only an indian can steal kohinoor Soon as i reach india I'll contact him Price 5 million dollar's Ok Cash Yes Come and take your cash Bloody fool Open an account in maurius Don't open your mouth Go and open a bank account Greeting's Madam Thank you Sorry Were is your vice-president office To the right He already resign No, one is inside his cabin Who? Karan Bank of shimla youngest vice-president This bank belong's to my uncle Sorry, sir No. proplem Harleen sahani Married no Boyfriend no Come to my cabin to discuss I'm a recepionist Do you want to stay all your life at a recepionist position Make friend's and can acheive goal's Do you understand If, you want to change your luck Please do come and see me? Why are you sitting all by yourself and eating ice-cream At this hour your friend's are on a romantic date Your life is going to change A romantic site Your entire like you will be eating ice-cream Be ice very ice After 30 year's she is retiring from our bank Miss Miss kapadiya Who is that? Me Ain't you got married Were she has time to marry All her life she worked in a bank For the past 30 year's no holiday She never come's late Or go early She was all alone Harleen What is it grandma Come fast What happen grandma? So it's you Your order is here? Have you order'd Abdul wrong order again Table no 7 Mistake 's do happen 5 million dollar's await's you It's your destiny Not, so fast Let us have a chat I'm hungry Let us eat Abdul Grandma I'm not going to the border Only going one a date I can die in peace I will be late Stop Take this key? Grandpa's car Grandpa's life was his car Grandma i no This was your first date in this car I met my true love Harleen True love in this same car Can finish eating after we are gone Our problem is solve Take in 1 hand and give in the other Both my hand's are dirty Three of you comit a sin Price is 20 million dollar's Wrong Price is now zero Quitley return the stone to me I have poison your drink's Shit A mistake again Sir, those drink's was to be in your table Prime minister's office there is presure Someone is supporting him Sir, it's important we fine kohinoor Sir A brake out fighting was at shimla road That's the police problem Sir, come and take a look at cctv footage You are hear to meet Mr Vicky How do you no Trueluv.com are tied up No, anything about him read this paper Vicky Vicky you are very late And you are very beatiful Sorry No, that i'm very late Do you offen go on date's It's my first time Mine to Why have you choosen me? Look at you But i did not upload my photo The way you describe I wrote only two word's Those two word's lie's a secret Witch story My grandma She was also a bank recepionist Receive those call's and grown us up Receiving her last phonecall She got expired...i mean she died Sorry Shimla French...no indian Do you travel No It's been 10 year's when my grandma bring me from canada My parent's died in car accident One, day i'll tour around the world How are you going to no That one day is going to come Oneday So, you like dancing Come closer Closer Do you realise your oneday Wouldn't come at all Marriage and hubby Later, children What ever you want to do must do it soon I alway's think this is my last day All i have is just oneday Close your eye's His so cute The entire bank will get jealous What ever is to be done should be today Vicky He is so patient Simple What is all this? This is your trueluv.com Harleen Vicky My mobile battery was dead Were is the other Vicky He left this for you So long Take this card My uncle will pay the bill I'm so sorry Are you fine? Good You My name was a lie Everything thing else was the truth Need a doctor No, doctor A kiss You are crazy You need a doctor They have seen you at the restaurant What do i no? Stop Can't bare the pain I'll die Harleen sahani She was with him This is her uncle's card Please get my money Listen to me carefully I stole something what Hold the tourch Drink some water What was in this? Who are you? What was in my water Sleeping medication Why Some guys will come and question you about me They will tell you in a safe place Why safe like this Inside there car will be a gun Scare them away and run Question about me No, idea who you are? Let me go Where is shoaib Don't no any shoaib Swear on my uncle He is alive What's the code name harleen What code Harleen This is no code word Our bank recepsionist name is harleen Brother he had escaped Who went with you Just exchange the parcel He had a girl with him No, chance for your oneday What happen to you When did you return I'm not like your parent's old fasion Not so morden Harleen's heart got stolen Madam What you are doing? Phone is ringging Want to open Open a big account Lastnight what ever you done Must be got paid big money Site is very interesting Come with us to police station We need to talk Unless we can speak at your office Front of your people Sahani He is an international crimnal He said you with say to me Criminal's like him are charming He can drug you? Also can kill you We just pass the police station You in danger Going to a safe place Safe What's up with the finger Just like/.... Stop the car Were did you get the gun Stop the car It was not me who fired Were is he Harleen Let me drive Stop Stop the car Are you mad Don't get off the car I am with you? With me you are safe Safe Harleen Are you in problem He slapt me Bullet's were shot at me Shoaib's agent Who are you? He is the guy you been slapt Listen to me Taking your car Don't dare to take my car You shot him Harleen sit in the car Why did you shoot me Sit inside the car Harleen Sit in the car Bullet was not shot at your bone When i reach 100m Can call police,ambulance Asking me stupid question's Shoot you Don't sit like a lemon O.M.G By, the way i did not want to shoot With that bullet he be famous You are insane I no What i am doing? Want to go home far from you What did you say? Are you frighten for me Can't be trusted Hear me baby How can you go Answer me Why have you shot karan Why take this car You say you not crazy What do you want? I'M only with you because you can survive If you go you are dead I have other important work Take these key's and go Do you have money No, you work for a bank So stupid Working at a hospital must keep medication Now What can i do Shoot a person Like to shoot innocent No, free meal So bang bang Take this money but don't shoot anyone Try'd to stop a criminal But you shot on the leg What have you done So many people are after you Must i solve it then you with explain Nice What is this Don't you read paper's You a thief How could i trust you> Still you trust me You did not scream Stolen kohinoor No, family's are around Let's talk polite Omar zafar He kept a price on kohinoor And he stolen kohinoor You can't escape this time police are all over Come with me Knowing his not a person to come with us You take a decision Do you want to come with me Or go with him Is this true I had a feeling you a good guy Crazy at sometime's I was wrong I am going? Sorry Can't let you go What a jump This road take's you up? His not so easy to die Someone is helping him Who are you? You shot at me? Don't ssshhh me Shot me I could have died It was for your own good They should have kill me No, more clothe's My clothe's Who dress me Me you Did you undress me Come on I can escape from those camera's Can steal kohinoor from london Can't i dress you Lets have dinner Without my lawyer can't anser your question's Grandma stop your serial's Hello Grandma Harleen Harleen is on the line Sir we trace his location This a big island Why don't you kill me Why do i need to kill you Just was making dinner Come Also cook It's my hobby Harleen everyone is corrupt Can't trust anyone Is this your hide out Why do you speak rubbish No, call's i made I call Welcome to prague We can't stay here for to long My life was simple Grandma and me Since i met you life has become an action film for me What is going to happen next Now, i don't have fear My dream's became true You must be have a wish We need to go What is your oneday Home Were are we going Were are we going? just me...you stay here Can call for room service sushi is good I'll be back soon You need me Take me with you I'll follow you Get dress Don't try to kiss me I did not think about kissing you liar No Have you kiss anyone Yes Really When, at school No, after school I no how to kiss Is this a kiss This is a kiss What are we going to do Need to fine a person Who are we looking for Hamid Gul Were can i fine mr gul Just jealous because i'm better So much money Invest all the money on 31 We won alot of money Let's go How unfortante are those Whom have the diamond's Not diamond kohinoor Hamid Gul Well done Go back to the hotel I'll meet you at the hotel After we I mean You are really crazy I'll wait for you Greeting's Sir How did you reach me I stolen kohinoor Respect my honour Robert told me about your hideout Thief I have the diamond and you Needed money why send you kohinoor What do you want Were is zafar Were is zafar He only want's to keep kohinoor safe Kohinoor was at london When he stolen kohinoor If it was not him stolen It should been someone else Ok, Why in the past year's No, one has stolen kohinoor What else do you no? He told me you will kill me But you are alive Were is he at this moment Hamid gul is dead An international criminal We can easily kill you But we no the truth Have a chance to get your normal life Go back to your grandma That chance is in this transmitter Come with me We are not safe How long you left from the casino Were you was? Speak the truth or lie like you What lie's did i tell Gul is dead Who told you this? Zorawaar You still have kohinoor Why you came as Vicky Let me be alone Why, did you foreful my dream's I'll complete every dream Bullet or the water will drown him You have your life back Go Thank god Return home This is not a home without you After this back to my house Hey, what are looking for What are you doing She entered our house like a thief On the internet you order book's Pankaj Your memory is bad Come in Your house is very beautiful How long are your'l living here Must be about 40 year's Pankaj won a lottery Twice he won a lottery I'll bring you tea My son's My brave son's This is viren Died in the line of duty This is jai He was in the army Nothing Happen to my son He won the trophyfor swimming Don't beleive anything happen him My name is Omar Zafar How this happen You wanted this diamond Why break it Were is kohinoor Was that fake You to This is the same diamond Shut up Understand what i am saying That's like a good girl Speak only the truth Nothing else but the truth Tell me What should i tell you Truth You look like a south indian Were is my kohinoor Rajveer has the diamond Rajveer is dead No, he is alive This was his plan Want's you to think his dead Not bad You are smarter then these goon's Rajveer is very smart Kohinoor was not stolen Not everyone is lucky How are you going to help yourself Count down has begun Why you ain't done anything I no everything Truth is that you don't want me I am boring to you Remove my gun's and shoot He kill shoaib and hamid This is kohinoor for you Well done It's very strange for a parent to there son's in a war Harleen is gone home She is told that she can't meet you In this mission jai is dead Were are we Whom undress me Ask to much question's What can i give you Oneday Son