imdb_id: tt9558612

Biography of India's Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi.

[Wikipedia Plot Synopsis]
Narendra Modi begins his career as a poor tea seller. He leaves his home at a young age, denying his marriage with Jashodaben Modi, to become a Sanyasi in the Himalayas. After his journey, he returns to Gujarat, becomes a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh member and gets assigned to the Bharatiya Janata Party in 1980, after fighting back the State of Emergency imposed by Indira Gandhi in 1975. He also leads the Ekta Yatra to unite all Indians.
He struggles and ground works in many areas of Gujarat to help people and gain support. Due to the teamwork of the people and the BJP members, the Party wins the Gujarat CM elections and Keshubhai Patel becomes the Chief Minister of Gujarat. He forces the BJP founders- Atal Bihari Vajpayee, L. K. Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi to transfer Modi to some other place. In grief, Modi submits his resignation which is eventually declined as he had done a lot of work for the party. He was transferred to New Delhi for groundwork. He returned to Gujarat from Delhi in 2001, just a month before the events of the 2001 Gujarat earthquake. He replaced Keshubhai Patel from his position and was also chosen as the CM Candidate for the upcoming election, and he became the Chief Minister.
Just after being elected, he faced the 2002 Gujarat riots. Due to his planning and strict law enforcement, he was successful to end the violence. Just after the riots ended, an attack on the Akshardham Temple by the terrorists again brought tensions among the communities. Finally, the tensions got solved, peace was brought amongst people, the work of reconstruction and further developments were begun. Streets were planned, roads were constructed, employment opportunities were brought, many Indian as well as international companies began to invest in Gujarat, corruption was eliminated, security was tightened, etc. BJP heads ask him to be the PM Candidate for the 2014 Indian general election. He campaigned all over India.He survives an attempt made by the terrorists to assassinate him.
The film ends with Modi taking his oath as the 14th Prime Minister of India.

--- SUBTITLES ---

(No subtitles available)